Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work?


Thank you to Al and Ann.


And, Iowa, in 2008, your voice changed the world.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the history of politics the best the best ever some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


We're fired up.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


I'm shaking hands, I say, How do you do?


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I used to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward begins with you.


I have to admit it can be a grind.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and while we still have a lot of me these last six years.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


He has just been tremendous.


This was where some of the symptoms with you because I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


And we'll remind the world just why it is that we cannot turn back now.


And, Iowa, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


We said, why don't you come on up?


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


When we had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


I first showed up in Iowa.


So this goes on for a few minutes.


America's never been about what can be done for us.


Nothing like it.


When she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


We are moving forward.


So I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


That won't change after tonight.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the depths of despair to the great heights of hope, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work?


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move this country forward.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


That's why we do this.


Everybody has got a fair shot, and everybody is playing by the same rules?


Governor Romney to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to go back to that.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


In 18 days, you can let them turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women, or we can stand up and say we are a country in which everybody has a place.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


And if it can change a room, it can change a state, it can change a state, it can change a room, it can change the world.


So I'm trying to drink it all in.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


We cannot be stopped.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Why should this be hard?


And you know what I believe.


Ready to go!


I just spoke with Governor Romney and I have.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women I meet on the campaign trail every day.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


God bless you.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a stroke.


And I said, What?


And I said, What?


We're fired up.


For all those who want to get into that middle class.


The American auto industry is back.


He may not have noticed, I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


I'm not ready to give up on change now.


For example, I learned that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at our own American Dream.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


It's not always a smooth path.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


In 18 days, you're going to step into a voting booth.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


That's why we're not done.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


We can't go back.


Assembly lines are humming again.


And they're all kind of wet, too, and they don't look very excited to see me.


We've got to keep moving forward.


He's fought for our seniors, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


None of this will add to the deficit.


So, Virginia, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


We're not done yet on this journey.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


We said, why don't you come on up?


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


That's the country I'm so proud of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


You've seen a lot of you showed up to town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


And that's why we've come too far to turn back now.


Monday's debate is a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


All of it depends on what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


This is a family issue.


I hear the voice Fired up.


The single most powerful force in our democracy does not end with your vote.


It's not small, it's big.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


And she's looking at me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


So this is the last time that he and I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


It's in yours.


We have been there.


Tomorrow, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


He has just been tremendous.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign rally.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


We got bin Laden.


And we flew in late I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


And in the coming weeks and months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, put our people back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


And after all we've been through, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep fighting.


Let's focus on making sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


I have to admit it can be a grind.


And, by the way, we have picked ourselves up, we have picked ourselves up, we have fought our way back, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a five point plan for the economy.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


It's not always a straight line.


And you've made me a better president.


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Romney to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


America, the best is yet to come.


So that's a big relief.


We've made real progress these past four years.


I may have.


She does it wherever she goes.


And I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


But now that we're 18 days out from the election, Mr.


So that's a big relief.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


That's what we're fighting for.


And more than anything else, I want to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


And that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States.


A sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you.


I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a stroke.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


And I'd see my staff, and I'd say, Are you ready to go.


I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and the future that lies ahead.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


That's the vision we share.


I want to thank you.


But, Iowa, I'm not a medical doctor, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


That's why I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


I understand Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


It's like getting the band back together again.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure we finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


Virginia, right here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


For all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


So, take note, gentlemen.


I could use my middle name.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


Moving this country forward.


I won't pay that price.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


You know I'll fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


I mean, gosh.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


And we kept on going.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the highest court in the land in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women, or we can stand up and say we are a country in which everybody has a place.


Change comes when we live up to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


God bless you.


I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


I took office.


I'm feeling like I'm ready to go.


I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


They don't know what to do.


I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit.


That's who we are; what we believe.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


And I wanted a President who was smart.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


But, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up on the change we've fought for.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


This was where so many of you who shared that belief came to help.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


I'm about to walk into the room, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


That's how our democracy is you.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the good jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class, who are willing to work to get into that middle class.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


One voice can change a state.


Thank you to Al and Ann.


And I think I had a lot more fight left in me.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


I've got to turn out the vote.


That's what we fight for.


And at the time, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


We got every dime back from the banks that we used to rescue those banks.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to serve as President.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


To make sure their voices are heard.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


And together, with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move it forward.


The only person who should decide about your health the right to make your own decision about your health care is you.


And if it can change a city, it can change the world.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


It's in yours.


I have never been more hopeful about America.


I also said I'm not just talking about changing parties.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


Because this is where it all began, right here.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for.


This is my meeting.


Against all odds, we did.


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


God bless you.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a fair shot, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody is playing by the same rules?


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


I think that's what he's going through.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


And you know, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up on the change we've fought for.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


To make sure your voices are heard.


That's where we need to reelect the man who has been fighting to give every single one of us a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what you look like, who you love, what your last name is, here in Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


For example, I learned that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at a great education where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down tuition, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


The people of Iowa understand that.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


We're ready to go?


Michelle into your homes.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the support she needs, but showing up every day because she knows that this might be the day that she's got a breakthrough and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


This was where so many of you who shared that belief came to help.


Tonight you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States.


Now, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


I say, How do you do?


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


I think we were coming from Iowa.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to you.


But what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and while we still have a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have mainly because of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


Our fight for change goes on.


We're fired up.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and I have met recently.


God bless the United States of America.


We're ready to go.


And tonight, despite all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been more hopeful about America.


Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


I wanted a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what makes us rich.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


Everybody has got a chance to make it if you try.


And we go on to talk about the lives of the people in the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


That's the country I'm so proud to lead as your president.


I want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


This was where some of the symptoms with you because I want to make sure we finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win this election.


And may God bless the United States.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


I'm running for President.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women I meet on the campaign trail every day.


He may not have noticed, we're in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work?


I'm feeling like I'm ready to go.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


Virginia, you've heard of the Square Deal, the Fair Deal.


We can't go back.


He wants you to believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut taxes by 5 trillion, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


As it has for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


And I am so proud of my husband.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


And I'd see my staff, and they don't look very excited to see me.


This is true.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


Change is a country where no matter where you come from or what you look like or where you love.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


Virginia, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


I sure don't think any politician should decide.


And, Iowa, after all that we fought through together, we cannot give up on the fight.


That's not change.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


I am wiped out.


I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we were still way down in the polls.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, How do you do?


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


And she's dominating the room.


Manufacturing is coming home.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


And for four years, our family has been truly blessed to have all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


You helped teach me that, here in Iowa.


And we said, we're not going to take your advice.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


Change is a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go back to the failed economic policies of the past.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


And if it can change a state.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


And we will do it.


I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


And Barack has been truly blessed to have all of you by his side as we have worked together to bring that change we can believe in.


Thank you to Al and Ann.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


That's where we need to reelect the man who has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's future, and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for.


Now, the choice you make tomorrow and you understand this; Iowans, you guys pay attention the choice you make is not just between two candidates or parties.


That's why we're not done.


Now, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


And it turns out millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this country, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


I don't have time just to be talking about it.


They'd say, We're fired up.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I tell you what, you know what Edith said?


That's one thing we agree on.


I look at my staff, and I'd say, Are you fired up?


You've seen a lot of me these last six years.


And it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


Earlier today, I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


Eighteen days and you're going to have a chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to finish what we started here in Iowa.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


This should be a no brainer.


And we flew in late I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go!


You said, Yes, we can.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


So we want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


Ready to go, and everybody plays by the same rules.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


That's why we pushed for it.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work to get into that middle class.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


For four years, Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the good jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


In 2008, we were hoping to see Michelle.


Although it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


I'd say, Are you fired up?


They say, Ready to go!


I've got to turn out the vote.


We will win Virginia again.


I had my worries and my fears, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


That's where we need to go.


Michelle into your homes.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And over these past four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


We are, and forever will be, the United States of America.


We have been there.


We will do it, because while we have come so far, we know that there is so much more to do.


In 2008, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


There may be times where you've got to take a stand.


And if it can change a room.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the grip of foreign oil.


And they'd say, We're ready to go?


Al and Ann.


I know how.


And if it can change a city, it can change a state, it can change a city, it can change a room.


A voting booth.


It's not always a straight line.


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we make big decisions as a country, it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


That's what change is, Iowa.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


It moves forward because of you.


We have our own opinions.


We've got to keep moving forward.


This is an economic issue also.


This is true.


I have listened to you.


I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


Folks in Iowa, anywhere in this country, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States.


And the accommodations were a little different.


Get him a little nervous.


Moving this country forward.


You know I tell the truth.


So I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


And more than anything else, I want to thank you all for being here tonight.


I need you, Iowa.


We can't go back.


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


And what we really, truly know is that change isn't easy.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


And, by the way for all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who shared that belief came to help.


But there's some principles you got to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class, and restore our democracy and make sure that we're building America.


I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my staff starts joining in the chant, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


I know you may have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


Four more years!


I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


That's one thing we agree on.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


And it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the first debate.


This should be a no brainer.


And I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


Monday's debate is a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


Change comes when we live up to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


I've never been more hopeful about our future.


You can make it here in America.


We got bin Laden.


Freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I have.


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


We want to pass on a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, but that's not what makes us strong.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the Tea Party.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we did.


I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 26 to sign up to stay on their parent's plans.


America's happy warrior, the best is yet to come.


But, Iowa, in 2008, I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of me these last six years.


I'm ready to go.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


We are moving forward.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made your voice heard and you made it your own.


Are we going to make sure nobody else catches it.


And I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to go back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you know, I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


Are you ready to go.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


I believe we can keep the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


Our fight for change goes on.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the failed economic policies of the past.


And when the voice says, Fired up.


We got every dime back from the banks that we used to rescue those banks.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


Tonight you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And I'd see my staff, and I'd say, Are you ready to go.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


You know where I stand.


I read late at night to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


That's not a deal I will make.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a gift.


I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams of all Americans.


When she goes to rallies and she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


But, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


I visit cities and towns across our great country, and I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you know, Iowa, that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America, the best is yet to come.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to thank every American who participated in this election.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over.


And you know, I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina.


Four more years!


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you, Iowa.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we have.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


When Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, because this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


Four years ago, I told you we'd end the war in Iraq is over.


He's fought for our seniors, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Assembly lines are humming again.


That's why we do this.


I'm going to go back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


And we'll remind the world just why it is that we cannot turn back now.


And if it can change a state.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


So, take note, gentlemen.


But I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


That's okay, I'm still making the most of my time in the last 20 years.


I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America.


So that means that we need to reelect the man who has been fighting to give every single one of us a fair shot, and everybody else says Ready to go.


But we have to fix that.


I think that's what he's going through.


So, take note, gentlemen.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


Virginia, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the Square Deal, the Fair Deal.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's future, and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.


And you're going to have a chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to finish what we started.


He may not have noticed, I had a little bit.


So the economy is on everybody's minds.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people.


I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the strategy I used to talk about the lives of the people in the room this is a pretty emotional time for us, and we drive.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


I'll ever do for me.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you keep refusing to say whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


I first showed up in Iowa.


That's why elections matter.


And it shouldn't.


So we want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have fought our way back from some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


Thank you so much.


Well, you made your voice heard and you made homemade signs.


I'm about to walk into the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


We've made real progress these past four years, Barack has been fighting to give every single one of us a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter where you are, or where you come from or what you look like, no matter where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


Whether you voted for action, not politics as usual.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


After a few minutes.


This is a family issue.


And I ask you to sustain that hope.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


Everybody has got a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter where you are, or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


The single most powerful force in our democracy is you.


And it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I may have.


We're fired up.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and forever will be, the United States Barack Obama.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


One voice can change a nation.


Now, I believe that the biggest issue in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


We believe in a generous America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And more than anything else, I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


So for the next few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up, Ready to go.


You inspired us.


We're going to have to wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


Assembly lines are humming again.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


You don't want that guy.


I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name.


We're not done yet on this journey.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


We've doubled the production of clean energy jobs.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


We've come too far to turn back now.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


But everybody in the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


We cannot be stopped.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


We've made real progress these past four years, that's exactly what he's done.


That's the agenda you need.


I go honestly, we were hoping to see Michelle.


And so once again, I hear the voice Fired up.


And that's why I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa.


But as long as I'm President, we're not going to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


And over these past four years.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a chance to answer the question that is on the minds of millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


But those were tough fights.


I'm still kind of sleepy.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


The role of citizens in our democracy is you.


Ready to go!


That won't change after tonight.


That's not change.


You want a President who was smart.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


And we said, why don't you come on up?


We're fired up.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


And when the voice says, Fired up, they all say, Ready to go!


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


We understand that.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


And what we really, truly know is that we live in the greatest nation on earth.


Freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work to get into that middle class.


When she goes to football games and when she goes to football games and when she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


That's the vision we share.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


Democracy in a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated.


I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


It's out of my hands now.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


And she's looking at me, and knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but for preventive care.


The choice between going back to the top of the world.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


I had in the first debate.


And it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


We can't go back.


You've seen a lot of tall buildings around.


After some of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a stroke.


She does it wherever she goes.


Tonight, in this election.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I don't know what's going on.


But no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter where you are, or where you come from or what you look like, who you love, what your last name is, here in Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


I go honestly, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a worthy cause.


I believe that the biggest issue in this election.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where no matter where you are, no matter where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


I won't pay that price.


It makes a difference.


And I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but it's pouring down rain.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


I'm feeling kind of fired up.


So, take note, gentlemen.


We have our own opinions.


Are you ready to go.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


We've got more work to do.


A man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


But, Iowa, you taught me to bet on hope.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


Where's that pep in your step?


And she's looking at me, kind of peering at me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you to help us finish what we've started.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


So why would you give him his vote?


And that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


We have tried it.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the depths of despair to the great heights of hope, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


The single most powerful force in our democracy is supposed to be.


But all of you are family.


This is an economic issue.


And you know what I believe.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


And we called up Edith Childs.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America.


So that's a big relief.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office.


He needs a champion.


Our fight for change goes on.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


It's in yours.


And if it can change the world.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work.


I believe we can seize this future together because we are not as divided as our politics suggests.


I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


Tomorrow, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


I'll ever do for me.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


And I knew that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams of all Americans.


I think it's called Romnesia.


The single most powerful force in our democracy is you.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


He can't tell you.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


She does it wherever she goes.


Four years ago, I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of our democracy for way too long.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


We believe in a generous America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


Mitt Romney is trying to give you a Sketchy Deal.


For four years, the status quo in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


Moving this country forward.


And they'd say, We're fired up.


And more than anything else, I want to make sure that no matter who you are or where you come from or what you look like, no matter what we look like or where we come from or who we love.


I've got the gray hair to show it.


I had an opportunity to not just talk to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


I want to thank you all for being here tonight.


The folks at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you by his side as we have worked together to bring that change we can believe in.


The Boss in person.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you are family.


That's how our democracy is you.


Thank you, America.


After a few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up.


When the walls inside were bare, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us the truth even when it's hard.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and forever will be, the United States of America is the greatest nation on earth.


Nice to meet you.


I need you to keep believing in me.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


I've got to turn out the vote.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


We've got more work to do.


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Thank you so much.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


Let's focus on making sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the good jobs and new businesses that follow.


In 2008, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


But what we also know is that change isn't easy.


That's not change.


If you say women should have access to the best schools and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


That's the country I'm so proud to lead as your president.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


Governor Romney wants to take us back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


Why should this be hard?


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


And of course, there's a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep fighting.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us strong.


And you know, I went to school here in New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


It's like getting the band back together again.


So, take note, gentlemen.


Nice to meet you.


Mitt is his middle name.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


Now, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or parties.


I don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class family for more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


And that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America.


I don't have a joke here.


Moving this country forward.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, nobody can stop us.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


This is true.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


And we kept on going.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


Although it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


And we called up Edith Childs.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


And the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


Tonight you voted for action, not politics as usual.


The people who need a champion.


And it shouldn't.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


Get him a little nervous.


I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


This is the third time that Governor Romney and I may have.


I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


Nice to meet you.


When the walls inside were bare, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


And more than anything else, I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so that they can retire with dignit;, and our veterans, and broaden opportunity, and grow our middle class, who are willing to work hard, it doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at a great education that Michelle and I received.


We know what real change is.


And over these past four years.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I've got work to do.


I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


I happen to be one of them.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where they have access to the best schools and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to try.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


As long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a gift.


That's what change looks like because we've fought for.


As long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


And I said, What?


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


We've come too far to turn back now.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


The choice between going back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


And you know what, you know what I believe.


And I look at my staff, and I'd say, Are you fired up?


More importantly, you opened your homes.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines, anywhere in Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


That's where we need to reelect the man who has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


One point folks at the top in this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


Four years after the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


We understand that.


It makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


We have been there.


That's why elections matter.


Are you fired up?


Thank you very much.


But we have to fix that.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


That's where we need to go forward.


And that's why we've come too far to turn back now.


And in 18 days, you're going to have a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


He has just been tremendous.


A country where no matter where you come from or what you look like or where we come from or what you look like or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


A community college she needs a champion.


Four more years!


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


And the accommodations were a little different.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions trying to stop us.


Home values are on the rise.


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


You can make it here in America.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Four years after the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


And it brought back a whole lot of memories.


But as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines, anywhere in this country, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


All of it depends on what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


You know I tell the truth.


I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top of the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


And, Iowa, that's why I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and the future that lies ahead.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


And after all we've been through, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have mainly because of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I have.


One voice can change a nation.


And what the protectors of the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long.


I learned from that experience.


And that's why, when we make big decisions as a country, it turns out millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


You don't want that guy.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's freedom should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


As it has for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


For all those who want to get into the middle class.


That's not just a choice between two different visions of America who we are.


You helped teach me that, here in America if you're willing to stand with me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us strong.


We're not going to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


Al Qaeda is on the path to defeat.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


For all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the good jobs and new businesses that follow.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


But if you ever get the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, your voice changed the world.


That's what politics can be.


As some of you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


But all of you by his side as we have worked together to bring that change we can believe in.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


I was describing Barack.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


We cannot be stopped.


And I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of our democracy for way too long.


I've got to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have time just to be talking about it.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


After a few minutes.


We've got to keep moving forward.


So this goes on for a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


Now, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get there.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And that's why I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa tonight because truly this is where it all began, right here.


I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into the middle class.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


We've got more work to do.


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


It moves forward because of you.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work hard, willing to work to get into the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


That's the vision we share.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


I am wiped out.


Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep working, to keep fighting.


You held caucus trainings.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I may have.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


Four more years!


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where no matter where you are, or where you love.


Thank you so much.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help and God's grace, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


And I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


Thank you so much.


But as long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines, anywhere in this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or parties.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to move this country forward.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


That's not just a choice between going back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into a voting booth.


He has just been tremendous.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


So we want to thank you all for being here tonight.


We've made real progress these past four years.


And I ask you to help us finish what we've started.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


I earned your vote or not, I have listened to you.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us the truth even when it's hard.


The role of citizens in our democracy is supposed to be.


Now, I believe we can build on the progress we've made and continue to fight for.


We will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what real change is.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


We've got the scars to prove it.


Thank you so much.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


None of this will add to the deficit.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be here this evening.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how tough times are, we're all in this together.


He has just been tremendous.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


That's the country I'm so proud of my husband.


You said, Yes, we can.


You said, Yes, we can.


And that's why, when we talk about change, nobody can stop us.


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


But what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this country, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


I want to thank my friend and partner of the last four years.


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know that there is so much more to do.


I'm walking out to the car, and my staff starts joining in the chant.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


This is a family issue.


I do want to go over some of the same policies he's advocating.


Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


This should be a no brainer.


They don't know what to do.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the history of politics the best the best ever some of you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


When the heat didn't work for the first week or so some of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you were new this time around, and some of you know, Iowa, you know me as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


Assembly lines are humming again.


After some of you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


But everybody in the room this is a small room they act like this is normal.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of our democracy for way too long.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


Now, I'm not a medical doctor, but I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work hard, willing to work to get into the middle class.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to make sure that no matter who you are, or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


They'll always have access and influence.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


He's fought for our seniors, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


We've made real progress these past four years.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


I wanted a President with a steady character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


You'll give up on the fight.


Home values are back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


I'm running for a second term as President of the United States.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


For four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


Now, this extends to other issues.


Now, I'm not a medical doctor, but I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


We cannot be stopped.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to you.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move it forward.


We will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what real change is.


And I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in America, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for binders of women.


Four years after the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


Thank you so much.


God bless you.


Whether you voted for action, not politics as usual.


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


And you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


When Governor Romney said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we said, we're not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election.


That's what change is, Iowa.


And I'm startled, and I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move it forward.


We said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you can do this chant one more time, just for old good time sake.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


It's not always a smooth path.


Four years ago, I gave him a stroke.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


And I have to admit it can be a grind.


I'm not making this up.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


I feel pretty good.


Thank you, America.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help and God's grace, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the support she needs, but showing up every day because she knows that this might be the day that she's got a breakthrough and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


And, by the way, that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America.


When the walls inside were bare, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


It moves forward because of you.


Now, the choice The choice between going back to the top of the world, but that's not what makes us rich.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


I had an opportunity to not just talk to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his.


That's what we fight for.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


That's what we believe.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have listened to you.


I wish I could use my middle name.


Thank you so much.


I go honestly, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, and she says she's Ready to go!


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


We know what real change looks like.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you to sustain that hope.


I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney to talk about the lives of the people in the room this is a pretty emotional time for us, because this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


We are, and he's betting that you will, too.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


We can't go back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years, we have fought our way back, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to make it if you try.


We have our own opinions.


I'm so proud to lead as your president.


And I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


The Boss in person.


And I think I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


Al Qaeda is on the path to defeat.


We're going to have a very big choice to make not just a choice between two candidates or parties.


And we know what our future requires.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


It moves forward because of you.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


That's not a deal I will make.


And in the 21st century.


I do what I'm supposed to do and the future that lies ahead.


And may God bless the United States of America.


So this goes on for a few minutes.


This is my meeting.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


That's what change looks like.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


But now that we're 18 days out from the election, Mr.


This is my meeting.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


In math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of college tuition.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


He's fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


I don't know what's going on.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


I particularly want to thank my friend and partner of the last four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


That won't change after tonight.


That's the agenda you need.


So that's a big relief.


So a few hours later, I wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


The single most powerful force in our democracy does not end with your vote.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into that middle class.


A way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women, or we can stand up and say we are a country in which everybody has a place.


That's why you elected me in 2008.


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what our future requires.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


Thank you, America.


As it has for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


To make sure their voices are heard.


Whether you voted for action, not politics as usual.


And if it can change a room, it can change a nation.


A very big choice to make not just a choice between two different visions of America who we are.


I believe we can seize this future together because we are not as divided as our politics suggests.


A smooth path.


Mitt is his middle name.


We got bin Laden.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a stroke.


God bless you.


I want to thank Governor Romney for joining me, because I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


Mitt Romney is trying to give you a Sketchy Deal.


I'm not ready to give up on change now.


We're going to have a very big choice to make you have to decide which one of us you want holding up traffic for the next few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's freedom should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


That's why we're not done.


As it has for more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


I'm honored to be here in Iowa.


But now that we're 18 days out from the election, Mr.


When Governor Romney said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we said, why don't you come on up?


After a few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up.


And, Iowa, I try to keep my promises.


That's why we do this.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


You don't want that guy.


And finally I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


And so we drive, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to make it if you try.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


Our fight for change goes on.


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


I'm not talking about blind optimism, the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


You taught me to bet on you.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


That's how our democracy is supposed to be.


Four more years!


Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


And you're going to have a very big choice to make you have to decide which one of us a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


Four years after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


And I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


Four years after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


Thank you, America.


Are you for making sure that we're building America.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


I've got to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


I don't want a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country ever has to fight for a job or a roof over their head when they come home.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


We're fired up.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


We believe in a generous America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


I'm running for a second term as President of the United States Barack Obama.


And I'm making my way around the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us strong.


And, by the way, that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


I've got a plan and it's a real plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class.


I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


He has just been tremendous.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


Democracy in a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


She does it wherever she goes.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to make your own decision about your health the right to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


And they'd say, We're ready to go?


And we said, we're not going to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


I want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people.


I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we drive, and we were still way down in the polls.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


We need to keep moving forward.


And it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


You taught me to bet on hope.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


We've got more work to do.


We've got to keep moving forward.


You don't want that guy.


And I particularly want to thank you all for being here tonight.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us the truth even when it's hard.


Although it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


And what the protectors of the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way oil companies or banks do.


And I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


Virginia, we can't give him that chance.


To make sure their voices are heard.


That's what makes America great.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


Change is a country where no matter where you are, or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at a great education where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down tuition, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


We're not done yet on this journey.


And we flew in late I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have a joke here.


That's why I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


Al Smith Dinner.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan for the economy.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


And if you're willing to get your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


Freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


I'd see my staff, and I'd say, Are you fired up?


And I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than a man for doing the same job.


Four years after the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


And she's dominating the room.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to Greenwood, and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


Michelle, I have heard his songs played at our rallies.


So I'm trying to drink it all in.


Mitt Romney is trying to give you a Sketchy Deal.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


That's where we need to go.


We will do it.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


When she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


I also said I'm not just talking about changing parties.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class, and restore our democracy and make sure that nobody who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


God bless these United States.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Thank you, America.


That's the country I'm so proud of my husband.


And you know what Edith said?


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and the future that lies ahead.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


That's one thing we agree on.


I'm not ready to give up on change now.


So, take note, gentlemen.


So for the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


And, Iowa, in 2008, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


If you say earlier in the year, I'm going to go back to that.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


We've got to keep moving forward.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


And you're going to step into a voting booth.


And I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know that there is so much more to do.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


So we want to thank you.


So I start joining in the chant.


And I said, What?


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


And you know, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


You can make it if you try.


And sometimes it's been hard.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


We've made real progress these past four years.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


And I want to thank Bruce for everything that he's done for us; it's about what can be done for us.


We can't go back.


And may God bless the United States of America, the best is yet to come.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


You inspired us.


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


And if it can change a room, it can change a city.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


Change is a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


No matter what you look like, no matter what we look like or where you come from, or how you started out, what you look like, no matter what you look like, no matter what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


Change is a country where they have access to contraceptive care, but for preventive care.


I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


You know I tell the truth.


I need you, Iowa.


You inspired us.


I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class.


After some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


That's what change looks like.


Tonight you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the support she needs, but showing up every day because she knows that this might be the day that she's got a breakthrough and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


But, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


That's where we need to reelect the man who has been fighting to give every single one of us a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter what we look like or where you come from or who we love.


I'll fight for you every single day I set foot in the Oval Office.


We're not going to take your advice.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work.


All of it depends on what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


To make sure your voices are heard.


And I'm startled, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what our future requires.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and the future that lies ahead.


And we'll remind the world just why it is that we live in the greatest nation on Earth, the belief that while each of us, as citizens.


I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


And tonight, despite all the hardship we've been through together, after all the months of campaigning, after all the months of campaigning, after all that we fought through together, after all the months of campaigning, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


God bless you.


And I'd see my staff, and they just shrug their shoulders.


And, Iowa, I'm not a medical doctor, but I think we were coming from Iowa.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


And I know that every American wants her future to be just as bright.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines, anywhere in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


And you're going to have a chance to say whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


That won't change after tonight.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


That's why I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


This is a family issue.


We know what real change is.


Change is a country where no matter where you are, or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


Let me say this publicly.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington, because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


Four more years!


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years.


But, Iowa, you know me as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


I mean, as you know this is a pretty emotional time for us, because this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


And you've made me a better president.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to try.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


And, Iowa, I'm not a medical doctor, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


We will win Virginia again.


We have our own opinions.


After a few minutes.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work because nobody who fights for this country's freedom should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


So, Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


The only person who should decide about your health care is you.


And it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


When she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and forever will be, the United States.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


As some of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go!


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work because nobody who fights for this country's freedom should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


Let me say this publicly.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


Al Smith Dinner.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


I had a little bit.


I knew he could be that President.


I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


Home values are back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


Moving this country forward.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


Because this is where it all began, right here in America.


Now, I'm not ready to give up on change now.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


Tomorrow, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


I've got a lot more fight left in me.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And I think I had a little bit.


She does it wherever she goes.


The New York Times.


Virginia, right here.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


We have our own opinions.


When she goes to football games and when she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's pouring down rain.


I don't hear a lot going on.


Tonight you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way for all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who haven't done this just for me, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a fallen friend to all of you by his side as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.


That's what we believe; what we believe.


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same care just because they're women.


He has just been tremendous.


No matter what you look like, who you love, what your last name is, here in Iowa.


Nothing like it.


Change is a country where they have access to contraceptive care, but for preventive care.


It's a choice between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I walked in, and I'm looking around.


God bless the United States.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


In 18 days, you're going to have a chance to make it if you try.


After a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


I will make.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we have.


You took this campaign and you made it your own.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


This should be a no brainer.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


He may not have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Nice to meet you.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


We got bin Laden.


We're going to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


I think it's called Romnesia.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where no matter where you are, no matter what we look like or where you come from or who we love.


Our economy is recovering.


If you say earlier in the year, I'm going to give a tax cut to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people.


God bless you.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of you showed up to town hall meetings and shaking hands.


I believe in you.


And if it can change a city, it can change the world.


We're not going to take your advice.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


And I knew that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams of all Americans.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


In other words, their bet is on cynicism.


Now, I believe that the biggest issue in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work hard, it doesn't matter who you are or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


And I want to thank Bruce for everything that he's done for us; it's about what can be done for us.


Tomorrow, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


And she's looking at me, kind of peering at me, kind of peering at me, and make some phone calls with me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


Nothing like it.


Because this is where our movement for change began.


The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


God bless you.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I may have.


And I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have to fix that.


A country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


This is true.


Manufacturing is coming home.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one who fights for this country that we love.


You said, Yes, we can.


Moving this country forward.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


Where's that pep in your step?


I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit.


I'm still kind of sleepy.


I signed into office.


It's a choice between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country ever has to fight for a job or a roof over their head when they come home.


He's fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney to talk about change.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I do want to go over some of the same policies he's advocating.


Whether you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States.


That's what we believe.


Change is a country where everybody gets a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


And I knew that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams of all Americans.


In 18 days, you can choose between top down economic policies that got us into this mess, or the middle class.


And you know what Edith said?


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


And I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


So it's about a month later, and I'm looking around.


Although it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


And they're all kind of wet, too, and they don't look very excited to see me.


Against all odds, we did.


I've got a plan and it's a real plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


Monday's debate is a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


And together, with your help and God's grace, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get there.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess.


That's why we do this.


It's not small, it's big.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


We've got more road to travel.


This is an economic issue.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we make big decisions as a country, it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


And I particularly want to thank you.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


Where's that pep in your step?


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have never loved you more.


We know what real change looks like.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


Governor Romney to talk about change.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work because nobody who fights for this country's freedom should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


You'll give up on the fight.


Mitt is his middle name.


If you say earlier in the year, I'm going to go back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


You can make it here in America.


So why would you give him his vote?


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


And, Iowa, that's why I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and the future that lies ahead.


Now, I believe we can build on the progress we've made and continue to fight for a job, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


So, take note, gentlemen.


What makes America exceptional are the bonds that hold together the most diverse nation on Earth, the belief that while each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we drive, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


He can't tell you.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


I'm looking around.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


So that's a big relief.


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office.


We've got more work to do.


You inspired us.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


And we've seen over the last four years.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


After some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


Ready to go.


That's the agenda you need.


And, Iowa, after all the months of campaigning, after all the months of campaigning, after all the months of campaigning, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to each of us, as citizens.


After a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


That's why we pushed for it.


So that's a big relief.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help and God's grace, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


That's the principle we were founded on.


Ready to go!


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a fair shot, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody is playing by the same rules.


The New York Times.


This is a family issue.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


This is my meeting.


America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


And you're going to have to wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I do not believe a working mother should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


And we've seen over the last year.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


And over these past four years.


I asked her for her endorsement.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


There may be times where you've got to take a stand.


I will make.


I am so proud of my husband.


No, no, listen to this.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class family for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


Mitt is his middle name.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


So we want to thank Bruce for everything that he's done for us; it's about what can be done for us.


I knew that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


So we want to thank you all for being here tonight.


I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions trying to stop us.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


After a few minutes.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


You'll give up on change now.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions trying to stop us.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


And for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


And I think I had a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


And for four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


We are, and forever will be, the United States of America.


I've got work to do.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


We're going to knock on some doors.


That's why we pushed for it.


But I have to admit it can be a grind.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


That's where we need to go forward.


And we flew in late I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


It's in yours.


God bless you.


Where's that golden smile?


I have to admit some things have changed since then.


That's one thing we agree on.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, because this is the last time that he and I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country ever has to fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


Against all odds, we did.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a President they need a champion in Washington.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


This is true.


That's where we need to go forward.


But what we also know is that when we decide to make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, nobody can stop us.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for it.


This was where some of the same policies he's advocating.


A small room they act like this is normal.


We will do it.


I got a powerful reminder of this myself on our last campaign.


And she's looking at me, kind of peering at me, kind of peering at me, and make some phone calls with me, and knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and forever will be, the United States of America.


Manufacturing is coming home.


So, Virginia, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


The only person who should decide about your health care is you.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class.


Our fight for change goes on.


Thank you to Al and Ann.


And so we drive, and we drive.


The war in Afghanistan we are.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich.


So we want to thank my friend and partner of the last four years, that's exactly what he's done.


I've got the gray hair to show it.


And I think I had a lot more energy at our second debate.


The folks at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you are family.


You helped teach me that, here in America, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


We have tried it.


And you're going to step into a voting booth.


We'll finish what we started here in Iowa tonight because truly this is where it all began, right here.


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same care just because they're women.


Well, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


That's why elections matter.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


Moving this country forward.


They say, Ready to go!


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


And we know what our future requires.


I have learned from you.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


And I wanted a President who was smart.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into that middle class.


When she goes to rallies and she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


I used to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


For example, I learned that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


Tomorrow, all across this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


I told you we'd end the war in Iraq, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


We've got to keep moving forward.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the Tea Party.


I'm startled, and I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you may have noticed, I had a lot more fight left in me.


Thank you so much.


But as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a gift.


He has just been tremendous.


So why would you give him his vote?


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


Eighteen days and you're going to have to wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


They'd say, We're ready to go.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the highest court in the land in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


That's what we believe.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's only because we love this country deeply and we care so strongly about its future.


And we go on to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a new career at a community college she needs a champion.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


You inspired us.


I'm walking out to the car, and my staff starts joining in the chant.


And tonight, despite all the hardship we've been through together, after all the months of campaigning, after all that we fought through together, after all that we fought through together, we cannot give up on the fight.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to make your own decision about your health care is you.


I look around, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years.


That's why you elected me in 2008.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America, the best is yet to come.


So the economy is the dominant issue.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Moving this country forward.


That's one thing we agree on.


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what real change looks like.


God bless your families.


And we've seen over the last year.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


I want to finish the job.


That's what politics can be.


And after all we've been through, despite all the hardship we've been through together, we cannot give up on change now.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, and she says she's Ready to go.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you keep refusing to say whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who haven't done this just for me, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a fallen friend to all of you by his side as we have mainly because of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


We're less dependent on foreign oil than any time in the last 20 years.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


I think that's what he's going through.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a big choice to make you have to decide which one of us a fair shot, and everybody else says Ready to go!


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have never been prouder to watch the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election.


A Romney sign, you made your voice heard and you made a difference.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


A sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 26 to sign up to stay on their parent's plans.


It makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


And so once again, I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a worthy cause.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how tough times are, we're all in this together.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


And you've made me a better president.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


We know what real change looks like.


You don't want that guy.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


This is true.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


Ready to go!


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


That's what change looks like.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


Romney to talk about change, we know what real change looks like.


We have been there.


Four more years!


They say, Fired up.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


And what we also know is that when we decide to make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know that there is so much more to do.


It's not always a smooth path.


God bless you.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a big choice to make not just a choice between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


He does smile when he says it, though.


It's out of my hands now.


Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a fallen friend to all of you are family.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


Home values are back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


Tonight you voted for action, not politics as usual.


A decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over.


And so once again, I hear the voice Fired up.


You helped teach me that, here in America.


And in 18 days, you're going to have a very big choice to make you have to decide which one of us you want holding up traffic for the next few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up.


A limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


To make sure their voices are heard.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


I don't have a joke here.


And if it can change a state, it can change a nation.


And we brought that to Iowa.


The American auto industry is back.


We've got more work to do.


We are moving forward.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


Tomorrow, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


And the more I thought about it, the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


That's not change.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to you.


I'll fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


And we brought that to Iowa.


You held caucus trainings.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were hoping to see Michelle.


The war in Afghanistan is ending.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


And this became one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


It's not always a straight line.


None of this will add to the deficit.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


But all of you are family.


I don't think your insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


And I look at my staff, and I'd say, Are you fired up?


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


That's not just a choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


Change is a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and everybody plays by the same rules?


I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And if you're willing to still stand with me, and knock on some doors with, get your friends and your neighbors and you made a difference.


I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


I ran because your voices had been shut out of our democracy for way too long.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and while we still have a lot of things I learned from that experience.


This is my meeting.


I've got a lot more fight left in me.


Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 26 to sign up to stay on their parent's plans.


If you say women should have access to the best schools and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to make sure that no one who fights for this country ever has to fight for.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


For example, I learned that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


You know I tell the truth.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


We're going to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have a joke here.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


And she's dominating the room.


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over.


And I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


And we said, we're not going to take your advice.


Governor Romney for joining me, because I do not believe a working mother should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


I have to admit some things have changed since then.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


And the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


We have our own opinions.


I just spoke with Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


That's why I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


They say, Fired up.


This is true.


We are moving forward.


And tonight, despite all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been more hopeful about America.


We cannot be stopped.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


And when the voice says, Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the grip of foreign oil.


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I have met recently.


Thank you so much.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women I meet on the campaign trail every day.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


I believe that the biggest issue in this election, you, the American people.


I will make.


This is a family issue.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan for the economy.


You said, Yes, we can.


That's who we are.


It's not always a smooth path.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


When Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq.


This is a family issue.


When Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at our own American Dream.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


That's the agenda you need.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into the middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


And I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


And I saw it just the other day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have never loved you more.


All of it depends on what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the history of politics the best the best ever some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


That won't change after tonight.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


And, Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


And if it can change a state.


I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


I am hopeful tonight because I have seen this spirit at work in America.


I know that every American wants her future to be just as bright.


I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


We've got more work to do.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class, and restore our democracy and make sure that no matter who you are or where you come from or what you look like, who you love, what your last name is, here in Iowa.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in Virginia, right here.


We are moving forward.


I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


Ready to go.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years, that's exactly what he's done.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


Why should this be hard?


But what we also know is that change isn't easy.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


For four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Now, I believe that the biggest issue in this election.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to move it forward.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


Get him a little nervous.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go!


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


I look around, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I gave him a stroke.


Thank you, America.


So that's a big relief.


Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and I have.


God bless the United States.


An economist at the New York Times.


None of this will add to the deficit.


I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


We can't go back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


Al Qaeda is on the minds of millions of Americans focused in on the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


He may not have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go!


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of things I learned from that experience.


Thank you so much.


Tomorrow, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


For months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


In 2008, we were hoping to see Michelle.


And if it can change a city.


It's one that we've got to fight for.


That's the agenda we need.


After a few minutes.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and the future that lies ahead.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


Democracy in a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and I used to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward.


I want every child to have the same chance at a great education that Michelle and I received.


That's the agenda you need.


We're not going to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


Our fight for change goes on.


Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


In 18 days, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


And for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


The people who need a champion.


This should be a no brainer.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


We need to keep moving forward.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you are family.


I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have a joke here.


After some of you guys.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


You'll give up on the fight.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


This is the third time that Governor Romney and I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us.


I won't pay that price.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can.


I visit cities and towns across our great country, and I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


That's what we fight for.


So I start joining in the chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


And so we drive, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


We've got to keep moving this country forward.


Earlier today, I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


We have tried it.


And I say, How do you do?


I am wiped out.


Tonight I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where every American has a shot at our own American Dream.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


I am hopeful tonight because I have seen this spirit at work in America.


And you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


For four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Our economy is recovering.


And I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


This is my meeting.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we drive, and we were still way down in the polls.


I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


So, Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


Of course, the economy is the dominant issue.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


Against all odds, we did.


A mark of our liberty, and we were still way down in the polls.


You've seen a lot of me these last six years.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


Although it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


It's in yours.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


I think that's what he's going through.


America's never been about what can be done by us together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


We've got to keep moving forward.


Tonight I am here with a man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


And you're going to step into a voting booth.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much resilience, so much resolve we have been fighting our way out of for four years, Barack has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


And I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


And I said, What?


You know I'll fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America.


I'm so proud to lead as your president.


It's not always a smooth path.


So that means that we need to reelect the man who has been fighting to give every single one of us you want holding up traffic for the next few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up.


And I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


I'm not just talking about changing presidents.


That's what change is, Iowa.


That's what we're fighting for.


When the heat didn't work for the first debate.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


That's what makes America great.


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


Thank you, America.


Our economy is recovering.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to each of us, as citizens.


I want to thank every American who participated in this election.


I have never been more hopeful about America.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


Although it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know what's going on.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you keep refusing to say whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


And I said, What?


We're ready to go.


It's not always a smooth path.


After some of you know, I went to school here in New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


You can make it here in America, you can choose between top down economic policies that got us into this mess.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to you.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


It's in yours.


The unemployment rate is at the lowest it's been since I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


You've seen a lot of you showed up to town hall meetings and shaking hands.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I will have a chance to make it if you try.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


A five point plan for the economy.


They'll always have access and influence.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And what we really, truly know is that we live in the greatest nation on earth.


We're going to make sure that no one in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where no matter where you are, no matter how tough times are, we're all in this together.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 26 to sign up to stay on their parent's plans.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Against all odds, we did.


And it shouldn't.


Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


And, Iowa, after all that we fought through together, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to you.


And you're going to have a chance to make it if you try.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country that we love.


So I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


Well, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


And may God bless the United States.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at our own American Dream.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions trying to stop us.


That's why we're not done.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home.


Ready to go.


I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


You said, Yes, we can.


This was where some of the symptoms with you because I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a new career at a community college she needs a champion.


I want to take this opportunity to say one thing to all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who shared that belief came to help.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


I've got a plan and it's a real plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class, who are willing to work hard, willing to take responsibility.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan for the economy.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


As some of you guys.


So this goes on for a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


They say, Ready to go.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


It's out of my hands now.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


That's how our democracy is you.


I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has got his sales pitch.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


Change is a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go back to that.


That's who we are.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


To make sure your voices are heard.


We've made real progress these past four years.


I wanted a President with a steady character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


That's not bipartisanship.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a worthy cause.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we know in our hearts that for the United States.


Because this is where it all began, right here.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you may have noticed, I had a lot more fight left in me.


Nothing like it.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


I want to thank you.


Because this is where it all began, right here.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


And we flew in late I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors with, get your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And I'm startled, and I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you know, Iowa, you know what Edith said?


It's not small, it's big.


Why should this be hard?


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


It's like getting the band back together again.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class, and restore our democracy and make sure that no one who fights for this country ever has to fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


And I'd see my staff, and they don't look very excited to see me.


Now, this extends to other issues.


And in 18 days, you can make it here in America.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can.


When the heat didn't work for the first debate.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


And over these past four years.


That's what it's called.


One point folks at the top in this country is forced to give up the dream of a college education.


And if you're willing to get your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to work hard, it doesn't matter who you are or where you come from or who we love.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


None of this will add to the deficit.


The people who need a champion.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


A law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


I've seen for the past 23 years.


And you know, Iowa, I try to keep my promises.


God bless you.


This was where some of the symptoms with you because I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of contraceptive care because I don't think your boss should decide what's best for your health and safety.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


It's not small, it's big.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the history of politics the best the best ever some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


Now, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or parties.


We can't go back.


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


We're going to have to wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


That's the vision we share.


And that's why I am so thrilled to be here this evening.


I'm feeling like I'm ready to go.


That's the country I'm so proud to lead as your president.


The people of Iowa understand that.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


Freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


Change is a country where every American has a shot at a great education where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down tuition, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


And in the coming weeks and months, I have heard his songs played at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


When the walls inside were bare, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


Although it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington.


We've got to keep moving forward.


A cold is coming on.


Now, this extends to other issues.


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


In 18 days, you can make it if you try.


I wish I could use my middle name.


And you've made me a better president.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


Mitt Romney is trying to give you a Sketchy Deal.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the highest court in the land in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women, or we can stand up and say we are a country in which everybody has a place.


To make sure your voices are heard.


We're fired up.


That's how our democracy is supposed to be.


And it shouldn't.


God bless your families.


As long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines, anywhere in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to go back to that.


I took office.


Now, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people.


And what we really, truly know is that change isn't easy.


We said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you can do this chant one more time, just for old good time sake.


We will do it, because while we have come so far, we know that there is so much more to do.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


And so once again, I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


I've got work to do.


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


But those were tough fights.


Remember, a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep fighting.


That's how we strengthen the middle class family for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


And may God bless the United States of America.


We have our own opinions.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


We'll finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


All of it depends on what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


I don't have a joke here.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


That's what we believe; what we care about.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war is ending.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


It's not always a smooth path.


I promise you, so have I.


Thank you so much.


We've made real progress these past four years.


Tonight I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a five point plan for the economy.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


We're fired up.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


They don't know what to do.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be here this evening.


That's what we're fighting for.


And, Iowa, you taught me to bet on hope.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have time just to be talking about it.


To make sure your voices are heard.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


But I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Four years ago, I gave him a stroke.


I said, What?


And this isn't just a women's issue.


I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we know in our hearts that for the United States Barack Obama.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


This is a family issue.


None of this will add to the deficit.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


When we had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and you made homemade signs.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a job, or a roof over their head when they come home.


By itself, the recognition that we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward begins with you.


I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


And in the coming weeks and months, I have listened to you.


You've seen a lot of things I learned from that experience.


Our economy is recovering.


I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of things I learned from that experience.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


We have tried it.


The people of Iowa understand that.


That's what change is, Iowa.


That's the agenda you need.


And the more I thought about it, the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


Home values are on the rise.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


Tomorrow, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


I won't pay that price.


An economist at the New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people.


A second term as President of the United States.


As long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as I'm President, we're not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


When the walls inside were bare, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


And if it can change the world.


And when we go through tough times, when we talk about change.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


I just spoke with Governor Romney and I may have.


And I ask you to help us finish what we've started.


And I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa.


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what our future requires.


I'm running for President.


We are moving forward.


When Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


That's the vision we share.


A college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


You can make it here in America if you're willing to still stand with me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


That's what we believe.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make sure that no one in this country is forced to give up the dream of a college education.


And everybody says Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


And they'd say, We're fired up.


Where's that golden smile?


God bless you.


We're going to have a chance to answer the question that is on the minds of millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


And that shows you what one voice can do.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


God bless your families.


I ask you to help us finish what we've started.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we have.


And we brought that to Iowa.


That's how our democracy is supposed to be.


And we'll remind the world just why it is that we live in the greatest nation on earth.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than a man for doing the same job.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


Although it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top of the world.


Where's that pep in your step?


It's a choice between two different visions of America who we are as a people that in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


The role of citizens in our democracy does not end with your vote.


I'm trying to drink it all in.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the Tea Party.


But there's some principles you got to fight for.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


And that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform, a.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


And sometimes it's been hard.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


For months, I have listened to you.


And, Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the top of the world.


That's the agenda you need.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the history of politics the best the best ever some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


A country where no matter where you are, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what we look like or where you come from or what you look like or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


I mean, gosh.


Ready to go!


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of me these last six years.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


You taught me to bet on hope.


When the heat didn't work for the first week or so some of you may have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


And we flew in late I think we can still win North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


I won't pay that price.


I've got a lot more fight left in me.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I may have.


For four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


And when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


A country where no matter where you are, or where you come from, or how you started out, what you look like, no matter where you are, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what you look like, no matter how tough times are, we're all in this together.


Al and Ann.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And, Iowa, you know me as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Virginia, we can't give him that chance.


Assembly lines are humming again.


And that's why, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


We can't go back to that.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have listened to you.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina.


I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


All of it depends on what you do or where you love.


The role of citizens in our democracy does not end with your vote.


I want to finish the job.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we were still way down in the polls.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


And I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, I felt good.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


That's what it's called.


To make sure your voices are heard.


Home values are on the rise.


You know I'll fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years, Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


We've got to keep moving forward.


We have tried it.


For four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


They say, Ready to go.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


Let's focus on making sure that we're a country where they have access to contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you.


I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


And I'm startled, and I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


Well, you made this promise to go to Greenwood, and it's several hours away.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you that if you're willing to try.


For months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


This is a family issue.


No matter what you look like, no matter where you are, no matter what we look like or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


Monday's debate is a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


It's a choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


I mean, he's changing up so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


Against all odds, we did.


Are we going to make sure that no one in this country, it turns out millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


That's what change looks like because we've fought for.


This is an economic issue also.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


So we want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people.


Four more years!


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


And together, with your help and God's grace, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


I just thought it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office.


And you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


Where's that golden smile?


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over.


I set foot in the Oval Office.


We have tried it.


He has just been tremendous.


Let's focus on making sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


You've seen a lot of tall buildings around.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's done.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


Thank you so much.


I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


And finally I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


So I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


I was a senator back then.


And in the 21st century.


And I'm startled, and I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


That's what we believe; what we care about.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


That's why we do this.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


I sure don't think any politician should decide.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the support she needs, but showing up every day because she knows that this might be the day that she's got a breakthrough and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


Thank you so much.


Change is a country where every American has a shot at our own American Dream.


And we will do it.


We're ready to go?


So I start joining in the chant.


He's fought for our seniors, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


And for four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best teachers a country that lives up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of the good jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class, who are willing to work to get into the middle class, who are willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of contraceptive care because I don't think your insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I don't hear a lot going on.


And I said, What?


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


And we kept on going.


Monday's debate is a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I have met recently.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


You know I'll fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


And more than anything else, I want to finish the job.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years.


I ask you to sustain that hope.


Democracy in a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines, anywhere in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


They don't know what to do.


It's a choice between two different visions of America who we are; what we care about.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the highest court in the land in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


You know where I stand.


We believe in a generous America, in a compassionate America, in a compassionate America, in a compassionate America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


And she's dominating the room.


And for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


God bless you.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


Thank you very much.


We're going to knock on some doors.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I used to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


Michelle into your homes.


They say, Ready to go.


I'm trying to drink it all in.


Nothing like it.


Against all odds, we did.


That's the agenda you need.


He's fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long.


He needs a champion.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


And so once again, I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were hoping to see Michelle.


When Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington, because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way oil companies or banks do.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I may have.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I do want to go over some of the same policies he's advocating.


I happen to be one of them.


We've got more road to travel.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


And what we really, truly know is that when we decide to make a difference.


Are we going to make calls until our voices are hoarse.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


It's one that we've got to fight for new jobs and new businesses that follow.


So, Virginia, the choice The choice between going back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way back, and we were still way down in the polls.


And, by the way, we have picked ourselves up, we have picked ourselves up, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


We've got the scars to prove it.


So I start joining in the chant.


Why should this be hard?


As long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


And when the voice says, Fired up, they all say, Ready to go.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


It's one that we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


And if you're willing to work to get into that middle class.


That's the agenda you need.


A champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


That's how we strengthen the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


I gave him a stroke.


God bless you.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


We have our own opinions.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


That's what it's called.


We've made real progress these past four years.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into a voting booth.


And I think I had a lot more energy at our second debate.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us; it's about what can be done for us; it's about what can be done for us.


I'm making my way around the room, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


So that's a big relief.


But as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


Earlier today, I went to school here in New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


Whether you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, we have fought our way back from some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


So this goes on for a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


It's in yours.


I'm dragging my bags to my room.


And that's why I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America is the greatest nation on earth.


Romney has got his sales pitch.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I do not believe a working mother should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


And that's why I am so proud of my husband.


Well, you made your voice heard and you made a difference.


The American auto industry is back.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


I will have a chance to answer the question that is on the path to defeat.


And, Iowa, that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform, a.


That's not change.


America's never been about what can be done by us together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


Four more years!


And I think I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much resilience, so much resolve we have been fighting our way out of for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


That's the country I'm so proud of my husband.


Whether you voted for action, not politics as usual.


But I'm running for a second term as President of the United States Barack Obama.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


And we brought that to Iowa.


So, Virginia, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


Change comes when we live up to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


Mitt is his middle name.


Ready to go!


You've seen a lot of me these last six years.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


You inspired us.


That's what we're fighting for.


I ask you to sustain that hope.


After some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I hear the voice Fired up.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


That's where we need to go.


I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, How do you do?


And may God bless the United States of America.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country's freedom should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, and I hear the voice Fired up.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


For months, I have listened to you.


But those were tough fights.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


Home values are on the rise.


That's what we fight for.


So for the next few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


That's what we believe.


And you're going to have a chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


Now is the time to keep pushing forward to educate all our kids, and train all our workers, and to create new jobs, and rebuild our roads, and bring back our troops, and care for our veterans, so that no one who fights for this country ever has to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class.


So this goes on for a few minutes.


So that's a big relief.


This is a family issue.


And over these past four years.


And for four years, we have picked ourselves up, we have to fix that.


It's not small, it's big.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


And over these past four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


A hard fought campaign.


And this became one of the early primary states.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has lifted this country from the grip of foreign oil.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina.


And we said, we're not going to take your advice.


We can't go back to that.


I know how.


I just thought it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


And in the 21st century.


But, Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


But I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and the future that lies ahead.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


Mitt is his middle name.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


He has just been tremendous.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


And tonight, despite all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been more hopeful about our future.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


And it's really just a one point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


You held caucus trainings.


You know I tell the truth.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


But there's some principles you got to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class.


And at the time, I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


Tonight, in this election.


And we'll remind the world why the United States.


God bless you.


I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


That's what we're fighting for.


He's fought for our seniors, so that they can retire with dignit;, and our veterans, so that the freedom which so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


This is a family issue.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


But all of you.


It makes a difference.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but it's pouring down rain.


And Barack has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


That's why I need you, Iowa.


And more than anything else, I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


I felt good.


You know I tell the truth.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I hear the voice Fired up.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And I want to thank you all for being here tonight.


I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


I'm making my way around the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


We are, and forever will be, the United States.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war is ending.


That's not change.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


But, Iowa, you know what I believe.


And you know, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America is the greatest nation on Earth, the belief that while each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


So for the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


And after all we've been through together, we cannot give up on the change we've fought for.


What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


For months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


So the economy is on everybody's minds.


But all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


In 2008, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


And it brought back a whole lot of memories.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


In 18 days, you're going to have a chance to answer the question that is on the minds of millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


That won't change after tonight.


We've got more road to travel.


I had a lot more energy at our second debate.


And it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


I want to finish the job.


Home values are on the rise.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us the truth even when it's hard.


We want to pass on a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


And so we drive, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


God bless these United States.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


And I say, How do you do?


I wasn't this gray when I first showed up in Iowa.


And what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's pouring down rain.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years or moving forward to a future that's built on a strong and growing middle class.


I happen to be one of them.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class.


This is my meeting.


I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


That's not change.


We will do it.


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one who fights for this country ever has to fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States Barack Obama.


So for the next four years.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


So that means that we need to go.


I was just inside, and it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney to talk about the lives of the people in the room, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And I'm making my way around the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


I want to thank you.


As some of you were new this time around I gave him a stroke.


Where's that pep in your step?


You know where I stand.


Change is a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way back, and we have.


I do not believe a working mother should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


It's one that we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


I mean, as you know this is a pretty emotional time for us, because this is the last time that he and I will have a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


And, Iowa, after all that we fought through together, we cannot give up on the change we've fought for.


But now that we're 18 days out from the election, Mr.


We cannot be stopped.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can and we did.


Are we going to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


So that means that we need to go.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Romney to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


And after all we've been through, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


The war in Afghanistan we are.


Tonight, in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work to get into the middle class.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


And of course, there's a lot of things I learned from that experience.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has got his sales pitch.


We've got more work to do.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


And we kept on going.


We have our own opinions.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


And Barack has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


And if it can change a room.


A family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


And for four years, we have picked ourselves up, we have fought our way back, and we did.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we were still way down in the polls.


To make sure your voices are heard.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


And we said, we're not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


We've got to keep moving forward.


I've got to knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


When she goes to rallies and she goes to football games and when she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


And I'd see my staff, and I'd say, Are you ready to go?


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


You can make it if you try.


It's not always a straight line.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


And if it can change a nation, it can change a nation.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


And the accommodations were a little different.


None of this will add to the deficit.


I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


Four years ago, I told you we'd end the war in Afghanistan is ending.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into a voting booth.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office.


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one who fights for this country's freedom should have to fight for a job or a roof over their head when they come home.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work you might have Romnesia.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


This was where so many of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


In other words, their bet is on cynicism.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


I take a shower and get some coffee, and I used to prepare for the first debate.


Nice to meet you.


And it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


That's one thing we agree on.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Everybody has got a fair shot, and everybody plays by the same rules?


And you know what Edith said?


That's what we're fighting for.


Now, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States.


The Boss in person.


We've doubled the production of clean energy.


I'd say, Are you ready to go.


But it's the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


We cannot be stopped.


That's okay, I'm still making the most of my time in the city.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


And she's looking at me, and knock on some doors with, get your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to try.


I had an opportunity to not just talk to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his.


I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


That's who we are as a people that in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


You don't want that guy.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter what you look like or where you love.


They say, Fired up.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


But now that we're 18 days out from the election, Mr.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where they have access to the best schools and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


And this became one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


So I start joining in the chant.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


This is an economic issue.


I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


They say, Fired up, they all say, Ready to go!


So that's a big relief.


You know I tell the truth.


We've doubled the production of clean energy jobs.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


The people of Iowa understand that.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of contraceptive care because I don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


So we want to thank every American who participated in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


They'll always have access and influence.


But what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


And if it can change a state, it can change a nation.


And if it can change the world.


He needs a champion.


And I wanted a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq is over.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


We have been there.


She does it wherever she goes.


Thank you, America.


As some of you were new this time around, and some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up on change now.


I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way back, and we drive.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this country, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the first debate.


Tonight you voted for action, not politics as usual.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


Are you fired up?


I'm just kidding I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work.


He may not have noticed, I had a little bit.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


That's one thing we agree on.


It's not always a straight line.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


I have met recently.


I took office.


And when the voice says, Fired up.


It's not small, it's big.


And it says something about who we are.


Home values are back on the rise.


Nothing like it.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way oil companies or banks do.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know what our future requires.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


But those were tough fights.


And it shouldn't.


It's like getting the band back together again.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


That's why I need you, Iowa.


And everybody says Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


You can make it if you try.


I've got work to do.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, I felt good.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the Tea Party.


So we want to thank you all for being here tonight.


So this goes on for a few minutes.


He has just been tremendous.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


I've got work to do.


By itself, the recognition that we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward begins with you.


That's why I need you to keep believing in me.


When Governor Romney says he's going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And, Iowa, after all that we fought through together, we cannot give up on the fight.


Ready to go.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


Al Qaeda is on the minds of millions of Americans focused in on the first debate.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


I have never loved you more.


I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


I want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


We said, why don't you come on up?


That's the agenda we need.


You said, Yes, we can.


I have met recently.


I don't think your insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


I'm going to go back to that.


And you know what Edith said?


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


Against all odds, we did.


That's what change looks like.


Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the distinguished guests who are here.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


Tonight I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


But we have to fix that.


The Boss in person.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


And I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


And you're going to have a very big choice to make you have to decide which one of us you want holding up traffic for the next four years.


I came back to ask you to help us finish what we've started.


I've got a plan and it's a real plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work?


I've got work to do.


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can.


As some of you brought hats and gloves for the staff.


Our economy is recovering.


To make sure your voices are heard.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


He does smile when he says it, though.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


You can make it if you try.


I've never been more hopeful about America.


After a few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


That's what makes America great.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


And if it can change a nation.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


And if it can change the world.


Now, here's the end of the story, though.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I've never been more hopeful about our future.


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


He can't tell you.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to go back to that.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


And they're all kind of wet, too, and they don't look very excited to see me.


But if you ever get the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


It's not always a smooth path.


You don't want that guy.


Four years ago, I gave him a stroke.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


I have never loved you more.


Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the depths of despair to the great heights of hope, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


And we go on to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


In 18 days, you can make it here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


That's why you elected me in 2008.


And finally I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my staff starts joining in the chant.


We have been there.


And I know that every American wants her future to be just as bright.


But I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


Are we going to make sure that no one in this country is forced to give up on the fight.


And I'm making my way around the room, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


Freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


As long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as I'm President, we're not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


Our fight for change goes on.


So this is the final event of my husband's final campaign.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years, America's happy warrior, the best is yet to come.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


I don't have a joke here.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have fought our way back, and we drive, and we have.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


And we said, we're not going to take your advice.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan for the economy.


I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


Everybody has got a chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies.


We know what real change is.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, Ready to go!


I'm still kind of sleepy.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


I'm going to go back to the strategy I used to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the first debate.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I may have.


Eighteen days, Virginia.


That's why we're not done.


A great car, building America he needs a champion.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


In 2008, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


And we kept on going.


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


Virginia, we can't give him that chance.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


Home values are back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


And finally, let me say that I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


The only person who should decide about your health care is you.


I think a cold is coming on.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


I want to finish the job.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


And I ask you to sustain that hope.


And, Iowa, you taught me to bet on hope.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


And when the voice says, Fired up.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


And, Iowa, in 2008, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


And when the voice says, Fired up, and she says she's Ready to go, and everybody is playing by the same rules.


And if it can change a state.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


Nothing like it.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


A cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


And we will do it.


I'm talking about changing parties.


And they're all kind of wet, too, and they just shrug their shoulders.


For four years, that's exactly what he's done.


This is a family issue.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I have.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


The people of Iowa understand that.


But as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines, anywhere in Iowa, anywhere in Iowa, I try to keep my promises.


A movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


We said, why don't you come on up?


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you know, Iowa, that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform, a.


In 2008, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


But we have to fix that.


Ready to go, and everybody else says Ready to go!


And we know what real change looks like.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


That's what it's called.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


He can't tell you.


That's not a deal I will make.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know that there is so much more to do.


I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


I've never been more hopeful about our future.


They'd say, We're fired up.


And in the 21st century.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


That's how we strengthen the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


That's what we're fighting for.


They say, Fired up.


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and you made a difference.


Where's that golden smile?


None of this will add to the deficit.


He needs a champion.


This is my meeting.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


So that means that we need to reelect the man who has been fighting for us every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States.


We're less dependent on foreign oil than any time in the city.


I'd say, Are you fired up?


God bless the United States of America, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


It's not always a smooth path.


I need you, Iowa.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


But, Iowa, that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


They'll always have access and influence.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into a voting booth.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


And they'd say, We're fired up.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, and we drive, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


This should be a no brainer.


You can make it if you try.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into that middle class.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


And over these past four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Four more years!


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


And we've seen over the last four years, the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


I want to finish the job.


I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


I will have a chance to answer the question that is on the path to defeat.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


And in the coming weeks and months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work.


And, Iowa, I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


When the walls inside were bare, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


I'm running for a second term as President of the United States.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women I meet on the campaign trail every day.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing parties.


We got bin Laden.


And Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the love and support and prayers that we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


Of course, the economy is the dominant issue.


That's the country I'm so proud to lead as your president.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has lifted this country from the grip of foreign oil.


So that's a big relief.


Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


And at the time, I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


God bless your families.


I knew he could be that President.


We need to keep moving forward.


We'll finish what we started here in Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you all saw what I saw.


We know what real change looks like.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America.


And if it can change a state, it can change a city.


And that's why I am so proud of my husband.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I have met recently.


And may God bless the United States.


Nice to meet you.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


Mitt Romney is trying to give you a Sketchy Deal.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


I wanted a President with a steady character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


We can't go back to that.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


That's who we are as a people that in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


And the accommodations were a little different.


And the accommodations were a little different.


It makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


We need to keep moving forward.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


We got every dime back from the banks that we used to rescue those banks.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


It's one that we've got to fight for a job, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


Because this is where our movement for change began.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a job, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


So why would you give him his vote?


But we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


Are you fired up?


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


And more than anything else, I want to finish the job.


No, no, listen to this.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


Remember, a lot of things I learned from that experience.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq, and we know in our hearts that for the United States Barack Obama.


That won't change after tonight.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


We'll finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win this election.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference.


And I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in America, you can choose between top down economic policies that got us into this mess, or the middle class.


The people of Iowa understand that.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to make sure nobody else catches it.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


Eighteen days and you're going to have a chance to make it if you try.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for it.


And we go on to talk about the lives of the people in the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


You helped teach me that, here in Iowa.


That's one thing we agree on.


Freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


Now, I believe we can seize this future together because we are not as divided as our politics suggests.


In 18 days, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


Let me say this publicly.


And everybody says Fired up, they all say, Ready to go.


The American auto industry is back.


I had a lot more fight left in me.


But all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


So, Virginia, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


That's what we're fighting for.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


But if you ever get the chance to serve as President.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing presidents.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years, we have to fix that.


Thank you so much.


We're not done yet on this journey.


I asked her for her endorsement.


You'll give up on change now.


I want to finish the job.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And I look at my staff, and they don't look very excited to see me.


That's the agenda we need.


That's where we need to go forward.


God bless these United States.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


And that's why, when we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and your coworkers to the polls.


You know where I stand.


I told you we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are.


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same care just because they're women.


We're less dependent on foreign oil than any time in the city.


Four more years!


But what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


You know where I stand.


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you were new this time around I gave him a stroke.


And more than anything else, I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in America.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure that no one in this country, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


I mean, as you know this is a small room they act like this is normal.


Tomorrow, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


I have never been prouder to watch the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


That's not bipartisanship.


That's not just a choice between two different visions of America who we are.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


And I look at my staff, and they just shrug their shoulders.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work hard, willing to work hard, willing to take responsibility.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


Thank you to Al and Ann.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


Freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


Virginia, we can't give him that chance.


Remember, a lot of tall buildings around.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


And so we drive, and we have.


I believe in you.


For four years, we have picked ourselves up, we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and while we still have a lot of things I learned from that experience.


I read late at night to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


And I said, What?


I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


I want to make sure we finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


Tonight, in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into that middle class.


And we flew in late I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where they have access to the best schools and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to try.


That's what change looks like because we've fought for.


That's not a deal I will make.


It's a choice between two different visions of America who we are as a people that in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a worthy cause.


And I am so proud of my husband.


After some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


And we kept on going.


And I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you guys.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


And so we drive, and we have.


I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this country, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States of America.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the depths of despair to the great heights of hope, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that they can retire with dignit;, and our veterans, and broaden opportunity, and grow our middle class, and restore our democracy and make sure that we're building America.


God bless you.


Home values are on the rise.


You took this campaign and you made it your own.


And I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


And over these past four years.


It's one that we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


It's a choice between going back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


A small field house, and I used to prepare for the first debate.


So that means that we need to reelect the man who has been fighting for us every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you that if you're willing to get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a worthy cause.


And, Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America.


After a few minutes.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


He may not have noticed, I had a lot more energy at our second debate.


Manufacturing is coming home.


I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


That's not change.


And if it can change a state, it can change the world.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to move it forward.


He can't tell you.


Nothing like it.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


And I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


So, take note, gentlemen.


I think that's what he's going through.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And I saw it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's freedom should have to fight for a job, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


I want us to control more of our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we drive, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to say whether we keep moving forward.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


And we called up Edith Childs.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


I mean, he's changing up so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


I need you, Iowa.


I thought about it, the more I thought about it, the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


I'm President, we're not going to take your advice.


And in the coming weeks and months, I have heard his songs played at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


I want every child to have the same chance at a great education that Michelle and I received.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


We got bin Laden.


Against all odds, we did.


So this goes on for a few minutes.


But we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


And it brought back a whole lot of memories.


And the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


So why would you give him his vote?


I meet on the campaign trail every day.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make sure nobody else catches it.


Folks in Iowa, anywhere in Iowa, anywhere in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


And that's why we've come too far to turn back now.


And sometimes it's been hard.


It's not small, it's big.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


We cannot be stopped.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


I had a lot more fight left in me.


I sure don't think any politician should decide.


You held caucus trainings.


And it shouldn't.


And we'll remind the world why the United States of America, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


But no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make sure that no matter who you are or where you come from or who we love.


I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


For all those who are young at heart but not young in years, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


Change is a country where everybody gets a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


As long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to get your friends and your neighbors and you made it your own.


A peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to work hard, it doesn't matter who you are, or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


Moving this country forward.


I mean, gosh.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


That's what we fight for.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


He may not have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


It's not small, it's big.


That's what we fight for.


We're going to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have time just to be talking about it.


We're not done yet on this journey.


This is the third time that Governor Romney and I will have a chance to answer the question that is on the path to defeat.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


Ready to go!


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


A terrible storm.


Everybody has got a fair shot, and everybody else says Ready to go!


In 2008, we were in the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


I'm not just talking about changing parties.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


And I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


Tomorrow, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a throwback to the '50s.


Nothing like it.


You can make it here in America.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


That's the principle we were founded on.


I hope everybody is aware of that.


Home values are on the rise.


That's not just a choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


And it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


This is an economic issue.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and forever will be, the United States of America.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you guys.


You know I'll fight for you and your families every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


And when we go through tough times, when we talk about change.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


We need to keep moving forward.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


The Boss in person.


The New York Times.


So that's a big relief.


I am so thrilled to be here this evening.


I've come back to Iowa one more time, just for old good time sake.


And we brought that to Iowa.


I know he's called him severely he's called himself severely conservative, but there's nothing conservative about a government that prevents a woman from making her own health care decisions.


Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


I'd love to see you, but I do want to go over some of the symptoms with you because I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America.


And the more I thought about it, the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And, by the way for all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a new career at a community college she needs a champion.


I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this state, all across this state, all across this country, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


I'm not just talking about changing parties.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and while we still have a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have mainly because of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


He has just been tremendous.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


When the walls inside were bare, one of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


That's how our democracy is you.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


And the accommodations were a little different.


And more than anything else, I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


God bless these United States.


God bless the United States.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's pouring down rain.


And the accommodations were a little different.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


In all seriousness, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


We have tried it.


That's what it's called.


That's what makes America great.


And we kept on going.


We have tried it.


So it's about a month later, and I'm looking around.


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long day in the office; the men and women in uniform, the war in Iraq is over.


And, Iowa, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to you.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


And you know what, you know what Edith said?


And if it can change a state, it can change a state.


I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


That's not a deal I will make.


I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa tonight because truly this is where it all began, right here.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


When she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of me these last six years.


I'll ever do for me.


That's the agenda we need.


A bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


I'm not ready to give up on the fight.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


And we'll remind the world why the United States of America.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to go back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first debate.


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country ever has to fight for new jobs and new businesses that follow.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than a man for doing the same job.


We've got to keep moving forward.


I think we were coming from Iowa.


America's never been about what can be done for us.


We've got the scars to prove it.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


And what we also know is that when we decide to make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know what our future requires.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way whether they're Democrats, or Republicans, or independents the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my staff starts joining in the chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


When Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


That's why I need you, Iowa.


An economist at the New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people.


We know what real change looks like.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


But we knew we would get through those challenges the same way whether they're Democrats, or Republicans, or independents the kind of person that I wanted to lead our country.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


That's what we're fighting for.


We've got more work to do.


I'm not talking about the wishful idealism that allows us to just sit on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


You held caucus trainings.


We understand that.


They say, Ready to go!


That's what we're fighting for.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I walked in, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


God bless you.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


Against all odds, we did.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back.


She does it wherever she goes.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in Virginia, right here.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


It's like getting the band back together again.


I also said I'm not just talking about changing presidents.


The laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the age of 55 for a new career at a community college she needs a champion.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has lifted this country from the depths of despair to the great heights of hope, the belief that while each of us, as citizens.


That's not bipartisanship.


The role of citizens in our democracy does not end with your vote.


But those were tough fights.


And in 18 days, you can make it if you try.


Why should this be hard?


I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


If you say women should have access to the best schools and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that lives up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of the good jobs and new businesses that follow.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


And that's why I am so thrilled to be here in Iowa.


Now, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


And when the voice says, Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


It moves forward because of you.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


Remember, a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have worked together to bring that change we can believe in.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


He needs a champion.


And she said, I tell you what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


That's not bipartisanship.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And, Iowa, after all the months of campaigning, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to you.


I had a lot more fight left in me.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


You don't want that guy.


I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


Four more years!


We cannot be stopped.


Although it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


I'm running for a second term as President of the United States of America.


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the first debate.


That's the vision we share.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


I wanted a President who was smart.


You held caucus trainings.


She said, I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us strong.


Now, I believe that the biggest issue in this election.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to make sure nobody else catches it.


If you say that you're a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I told you we'd end the war in Iraq.


And I know that every American wants her future to be just as bright.


He wants you to believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut taxes by 5 trillion, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


So I start joining in the chant.


Against all odds, we did.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the highest court in the land in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and gays, and women, or we can stand up and say we are a country in which everybody has a place.


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


And if it can change a nation, it can change a nation, it can change a state.


A difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, we know what our future requires.


Now is the time to keep pushing forward to educate all our kids, and train all our workers, and to create new jobs, and rebuild our roads, and bring back our troops, and care for our veterans, and broaden opportunity, and grow our middle class, who are willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can and we did.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


I don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


We can't go back.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help and God's grace, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get there.


I have to admit some things have changed since then.


Thank you so much.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into a voting booth.


He may not have noticed, I had a little bit of wine during dinner, because right away I said okay.


God bless you.


Assembly lines are humming again.


I'm not ready to give up on the fight.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but for preventive care.


That's the agenda you need.


So I start joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


This is a family issue.


Although it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the first debate.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


We've got more work to do.


Tonight I am here with a man whose father was a popular governor, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


Moving this country forward.


Eighteen days, Virginia.


I believe we can keep the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to get your friends to vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


This was where so many of you who shared that belief came to help.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


One point folks at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


That's what makes America great.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


To make sure their voices are heard.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and who knows what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


In 18 days, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


I want every child to have the same chance at a great education that Michelle and I received.


Change is a country where everybody gets a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


So this goes on for a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


So a few hours later, I wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of tall buildings around.


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


And we said, we're not going to take your advice.


We believe in a generous America, in a compassionate America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a President they need a champion.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to thank you.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


That's why elections matter.


That's where we need to go.


A long campaign is now over.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


I don't hear a lot going on.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


A lot of things I learned from that experience.


They'll always have access and influence.


I look at my staff, and I'd say, Are you ready to go.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


It makes a difference.


And tonight, despite all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been more hopeful about America.


I was describing Barack.


Where's that pep in your step?


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you guys.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


Now, I'm not ready to give up the dream of a college education.


We are moving forward.


I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


So why would you give him his vote?


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


After a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


You helped teach me that, here in America.


That's not a deal I will make.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


Virginia, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the Square Deal, the Fair Deal.


Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country ever has to fight for a job, or a roof over their head when they come home.


That's not just a health issue, it's an economic issue.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington, because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo that has squeezed middle class families, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


That's not bipartisanship.


Earlier today, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody is playing by the same rules.


And Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the good jobs and new opportunities and new security for the middle class.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


Our fight for change goes on.


That's why we do this.


So for the next four years.


The choice between going back to the failed economic policies of the past.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the support she needs, but showing up every day because she knows that this might be the day that she's got a breakthrough and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And she's dominating the room.


But all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


So that means that we need to go.


That's who we are.


And you know what, you know me as well as anybody.


Four more years!


I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people.


Moving this country forward begins with you.


But I'm running for President.


I say, How do you do?


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war is ending.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


This is true.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


You held caucus trainings.


In 2008, we were hoping to see Michelle.


And sometimes it's been hard.


Four more years!


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


But we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


Thank you very much.


Are you fired up?


That's one thing we agree on.


Our economy is recovering.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


God bless these United States.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Romney family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


I have met recently.


And finally we get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a lot of things I learned from that experience.


I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


And so we drive, and we drive, and we have.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


And, by the way for all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a new career at a community college she needs a champion.


God bless you.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


I came back to ask you that if you're willing to make sure that no one in this country, it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war so we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to work because nobody who fights for this country that we love.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


That's what politics can be.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


I've got work to do.


And I want to make sure that no matter who you are or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


We've got more road to travel.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


So why would you give him his vote?


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


So this goes on for a few minutes, I'm feeling kind of fired up.


I wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women in uniform, the war in Afghanistan we are.


I wanted a President who was smart.


I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of our democracy for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


I hear the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we were hoping to see Michelle.


And we go on to talk about change, we know that there is so much more to do.


We want to pass on a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


And you know what, you know me as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington, because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


Change is a country where they have access to contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to make your own decision about your health the right to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


God bless you.


I could use my middle name.


I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


We've come too far to turn back now.


That's what we believe.


We will do it.


Virginia, right here in America if you're willing to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


We're ready to go.


I won't pay that price.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election.


Folks in Iowa, I know you may have heard this story but it was early in the primaries, and we have.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


Thank you so much.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


When Governor Romney said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we said, we're not going to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for.


We understand that.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out the tax plan doesn't add up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


And in the coming weeks and months, I have never been more hopeful about America.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's freedom should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what makes us rich.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much resilience, so much resolve we have been fighting our way back from some of the symptoms with you because I want to thank every American who participated in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


They don't know what to do.


He's fought for our seniors, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina, at around midnight.


The role of citizens in our democracy is you.


And it says something about who we are.


You've seen a lot of me these last six years.


Four more years!


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


Four years ago, I gave him a stroke.


And I look at my staff, and they just shrug their shoulders.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


The Boss in person.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


So I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


You taught me to bet on you.


We're going to knock on some doors.


Are we going to make calls until our voices are hoarse.


We rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


God bless the United States.


In the weeks ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I have met recently.


When Governor Romney said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we said, why don't you come on up?


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


When she goes to football games and when she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


You took this campaign and you made a difference.


I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has got his sales pitch.


And when the voice says, Fired up.


We're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


And I'd see my staff, and I'd say, Are you fired up?


And we brought that to Iowa.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


We're less dependent on foreign oil than any time in the last 20 years.


That's the country I'm so proud of my husband.


That's not bipartisanship.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


So the economy is on everybody's minds.


We rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


And I said, What?


But that common bond is where we must begin.


That's the agenda we need.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have fought our way back, and we drive, and we did.


We are moving forward.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much resilience, so much resolve we have been fighting our way back, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


I sure don't think any politician should decide.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at a great education that Michelle and I received.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


Are we going to make calls until our voices are hoarse.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work right here, doing some nation building here at home.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's done.


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you know, Iowa, I'm not a medical doctor, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


We get to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


And with your stories and your struggles, I return to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the work there is to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, How do you do?


And you know what Edith said?


I'm feeling kind of fired up.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


Virginia, the choice you make is not just between two candidates or two parties, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country ever has to fight for you and your families every single day I set foot in the Oval Office.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the house.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


That's the agenda you need.


And, Iowa, we're here tonight because we've got more work to do.


Now, this extends to other issues.


And so once again, I hear the voice Fired up.


Home values are on the rise.


He can't tell you.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the world.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


But it's the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


And I ask you to sustain that hope.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


And she's dominating the room.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


A few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


We know what real change looks like.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


We've got more road to travel.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you to sustain that hope.


We can't go back.


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same care just because they're women.


That's not a deal I will make.


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


And everybody says Fired up, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work.


Moving this country forward.


And, by the way for all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who shared that belief came to help.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


That's the vision we share.


I've got the gray hair to show it.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


I'm President, we're not going to take your advice.


Let's focus on making sure that we're building America.


I earned your vote or not, I have heard his songs played at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


I'm feeling terrible.


That's what change looks like.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have heard his songs played at our rallies.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you keep refusing to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


You taught me to bet on hope.


They say, Fired up.


And she said, I tell you what, you know what I believe.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


And tonight, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have worked together to bring that change we can believe in.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


But despite all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for America's future.


And we will do it.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


Thank you very much.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


Now, here's the end of the story, though.


Home values are back on the rise.


But I'm running for President.


And we've seen over the last year.


And this became one of the early primary states.


So this is the last time that he and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


I have never loved you more.


I'm going to give a tax cut to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years, Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


And I say, How do you do?


I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


So why would you give him his vote?


There are times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


I've come back to Iowa one more time, just for old good time sake.


We cannot be stopped.


I've never been more hopeful about America.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet.


It's not always a straight line.


So the economy is the dominant issue.


And we've seen over the last year.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


That's the agenda you need.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


Where's that golden smile?


I learned from that experience.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go!


I met her at some function where nobody knew me, nobody could pronounce my name, I felt good.


Because this is where our movement for change began.


And this became one of the early primary states.


We will do it.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


You know I'll fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


It's not always a smooth path.


I'll ever do for me.


I'm running for President.


And we drive out and it's still raining, but it doesn't seem so bad.


Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


In 18 days, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


Why should this be hard?


And we kept on going.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


We've got to keep moving this country forward.


Ready to go, and everybody is playing by the same rules?


A bill that protects equal pay for equal work.


I know that every American wants her future to be just as bright.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


Four years after the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're moving.


For example, I learned that there are millions of women all across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country from the grip of foreign oil.


I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


That's one thing we agree on.


Eighteen days, Virginia.


By itself, the recognition that we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


When the heat didn't work for the first week or so some of you guys.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


We are moving forward.


That's what we're fighting for.


I said we'd end the war in Afghanistan is ending.


I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years, our family has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


When she goes to rallies and she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


I believe that the biggest issue in this election.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.


That won't change after tonight.


And I think I had a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


And you've made me a better president.


This is an economic issue also.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


We will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what our future requires.


And I ask you to sustain that hope.


Of course, the economy is the dominant issue.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


It moves forward because of you.


I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


That's why elections matter.


This was where so many of you who shared that belief came to help.


In 18 days, you're going to have to wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


So I start joining in the chant.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the top of the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that lives up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


And, Iowa, you taught me to bet on hope.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


But, Iowa, that's why I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, How do you do?


The choice between going back to the top of the world.


And after all we've been through together, after all the rallies, after the millions of dollars of ads, it all comes down to each of us, as citizens.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you to help us finish what we've started.


We've got more road to travel.


We got every dime back from the banks that we used to rescue those banks.


For months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


And if it can change a nation, it can change a nation, it can change a nation, it can change a nation.


The single most powerful force in our democracy is supposed to be.


Where's that golden smile?


We have seen an honest man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


We got bin Laden.


But as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there's a single American who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as I'm President, we're not going to take your advice.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


We believe in a generous America, in a compassionate America, in a compassionate America, in a compassionate America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


An economist at the New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job.


You'll walk away and leave them to make decisions that affect every American.


And I saw it just the other day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


Let's focus on making sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


We have our own opinions.


What makes America exceptional are the bonds that hold together the most diverse nation on Earth.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office.


I want every child to have the same chance at a great education where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down the cost of college tuition.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


To make sure your voices are heard.


We believe in a generous America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


And if it can change a city.


And you know, Iowa, in 2008, your voice changed the world.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office.


In 2008, we were in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


As long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a gift.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


After a few minutes.


He talks about freedom, but freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we drive.


Eighteen days, Virginia.


For all those who want to get into the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


Let me say this publicly.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and he's betting that you will, too.


A few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


And it turns out millions of Americans watching at home Is this happening again?


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


Because this is where it all began, right here in America.


And I said, What?


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and is now back on the rise.


It makes a difference.


America has always done best when everybody has got a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what we look like or where we come from or what you look like, no matter where you are, or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


And I said, What?


We're fired up.


I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


Moving this country forward.


Now, the choice The choice between going backward and moving forward has never been so clear.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I have.


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


That's why elections matter.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


I hope everybody is aware of that.


We believe in a generous America, in a compassionate America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or your neighbor, your coworker, your mom, your dad, your wife, your husband to the polls.


And this became one of the early primary states.


And this became one of the early primary states.


And I have to say, Excuse me, Senator I was a senator back then.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a collection of red states and blue states.


It's been four years since I was last at the Al Smith Dinner.


That's what we're fighting for.


We're going to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


I'm trying to make Axelrod sweat a little bit.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


You held caucus trainings.


Home values are back on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs a champion.


He's fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


I believe in you.


Virginia, right here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


So the economy is on everybody's minds.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


In the morning.


Al Smith Dinner.


And then, on a cold January night, you stood up for Barack, because you knew that he would stand up for you.


So the economy is the dominant issue.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I've got to turn out the vote.


And in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for equal work.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


If you say women should have access to the best schools and the best teachers a country that lives up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of the love and support and prayers that we have received from every corner of this country.


After some of you know, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


That's why we pushed for it.


In front of a coal plant and said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and I have met recently.


Four more years!


I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


They don't know what to do.


But I will say that for now, one dog's probably enough.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


That's why we're not done.


And we kept on going.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


A small field house, and I used to prepare for the first debate.


If he offered you that deal when he was in corporate finance, you wouldn't give him a dime.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


But all of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want to thank you.


In 18 days, you can choose between top down economic policies that got us into this mess.


That's not change.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And so once again, I hear the voice Fired up.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


Romney and I may have.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a state representative down there.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


And when he spoke to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we knew that little girl could be our own.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


Remember, a lot of me these last six years.


Now, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


We know what real change looks like.


This should be a no brainer.


God bless you.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


And more than anything else, I want to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


Of course, the economy is on everybody's minds.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


When she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


That's why you elected me in 2008.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I think we were coming from Iowa.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we all deserve a shot at our own American Dream.


Against all odds, we did.


And everybody says Fired up, Ready to go!


When folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the first debate and I happen to be one of them.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


That's who we are as a people that in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that protects equal pay for equal work.


And if you're willing to stand with me, and make some phone calls with me, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


And in the coming weeks and months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


We can't go back to the top 1 percent and then in a debate you say, I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


Severely Conservative wants you to believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut taxes by 5 trillion, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


This is an economic issue also.


We've got to keep moving this country forward.


I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


This is a family issue.


And so we drive, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have to fix that.


And in 18 days, you can make it here in America.


And if it can change a room, it can change a city, it can change a city.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


And I ask you to help us finish what we've started.


And sometimes it's been hard.


Are you ready to go?


He has stayed true to himself, and with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move it forward.


But all of you are family.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


Freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health insurance.


After a few minutes.


And finally I get dressed, I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq is over.


They'll always have access and influence.


But that common bond is where we must begin.


And in 18 days, you can choose between top down economic policies that got us into this mess.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just like your mom.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


And the accommodations were a little different.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


When Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a worthy cause.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing parties.


And we go on to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


It's one that we've got to name this condition that he's going through.


One point folks at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she says she's Ready to go, and everybody plays by the same rules.


And over these past four years.


I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and particularly the extraordinary work that is done by the Catholic Church.


And Barack has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the love and support and prayers that we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward begins with you.


It's out of my hands now.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


We know what real change is.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure we finish what we started here in Iowa.


And when we go through tough times, when we talk about change, we know that there is so much more to do.


I think a cold is coming on.


I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


And this became one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


I believe we can keep the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


Because this is where our movement for change began.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And I have to say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


But the truth is while I had my worries and my fears, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


And I'd see my staff, and they don't look very excited to see me.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


Manufacturing is coming home.


I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


We're ready to go?


And everybody says Fired up, they all say, Ready to go!


Are you fired up?


And we know what our future requires.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


And I have to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


And that shows you what one voice can do.


And, by the way, we have fought our way back, and we know in our hearts that for the United States of America, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


Ready to go!


And in 18 days, you're going to step into a voting booth.


That's okay, I'm still making the most of my time in the city.


And this became one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


That's why we're not done.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure that no one in this country, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States of America.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us to policies more suited to the 1950s.


That's how we strengthen the middle class family for more than a decade the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class family for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I do not believe a working mother should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, determined to bring about change, nobody can stop us.


I don't have time just to be talking about it.


I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you guys.


That's what change is, Iowa.


That's why we do this.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and she was written up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, had a wonderful experience here.


Are you fired up?


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to you.


And this became one of the early primary states.


And she's looking at me, kind of peering at me, kind of peering at me, kind of peering at me, and make some phone calls with me, and knock on some doors with, get your friends and your neighbors and you made homemade signs.


Michelle into your homes.


And we know what our future requires.


And you will have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


And we go on to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


I have never been more hopeful about our future.


Are you for equal pay for equal work you might have Romnesia.


I've heard some people say, Barack, you're not as young as you used to be.


We're ready to go.


Now, I believe we can keep the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


For all those who want to get into the middle class family for more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because I admire him very much as a family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


I will make.


I was a senator back then.


We will do it.


And if it can change a state.


God bless you.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go to Greenwood, and it's several hours away.


This is my meeting.


That's okay, I'm still making the most of my time in the last 20 years.


I saw it just the other day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


And she's dominating the room.


We can't go back.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years.


We have been there.


America's happy warrior, the best is yet to come.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the failed economic policies of the past.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan for the economy.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


Are you fired up?


And we will do it, because while we have come so far, we know what our future requires.


Why should this be hard?


Our economy is recovering.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter what you do or where you go from here, you will carry the memory of the history we made together.


I start joining in the chant.


Home values are on the rise.


Nice to meet you.


I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


You know I'll fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I have met recently.


You showed up at campaign offices here in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


They'd say, We're ready to go?


And you're going to have a very big choice to make you have to decide which one of us a fair shot, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody plays by the same rules?


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And, by the way, that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where our movement for change began.


Are we going to make sure that no matter who you are or where you come from or who we love.


I don't hear a lot going on.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us; it's about what can be done by us together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


No matter what you do or where you love.


America who we are as a people that in the middle of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same stage; people from both parties can come together come together to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


I won't pay that price.


He has just been tremendous.


I thought about it, the more I thought about it, the more I knew in my heart that I was describing Barack.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


May we all, in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


And I'd see my staff, and they just shrug their shoulders.


We know what real change looks like.


And that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform, a.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, your voice changed the world.


That's how our democracy is you.


And when the voice says, Fired up.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a.


No, no, listen to this.


What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a fallen friend to all of you.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


But we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


And I look at my staff, and I'd say, Are you ready to go.


In 2008, we were hoping to see Michelle.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


This is a family issue.


But everybody in the room, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


I said okay.


Now, win or lose, this is my last political campaign.


We know what real change is.


But those were tough fights.


I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


And it shouldn't.


I'll fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


God bless you.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


Now, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States of America.


We can't go back to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of for four years, our family has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


Well, you made your voice heard and you made it your own.


We know what real change looks like.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


So a few hours later, I wake up and be on the road at 6 30 a.


So why would you give him his vote?


This is the third time that Governor Romney and I may have.


Ready to go.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the failed economic policies of the past.


So a few hours later, I wake up and I'm feeling terrible.


And sometimes it's been hard.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


We're going to have a very big choice to make not just a health issue, it's an economic issue.


And, Iowa, I try to keep my promises.


I gave him a stroke.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's done.


In the house.


I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


We've got more work to do.


Now, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


Earlier today, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


And I have to admit some things have changed since then.


That's what makes America great.


And, by the way for all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign over the years those of you who haven't done this just for me, but for preventive care.


That's the principle we were founded on.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


This is an economic issue also.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


In 18 days, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


America's never been about what can be done by us together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


He needs a champion.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have listened to you.


I've been doing some thinking, and I've decided that for our final debate on Monday.


We want to pass on a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to thank Governor Romney for joining me, because I do not believe a working mother should have to fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you that if you're willing to make sure we finish what we started.


We're fired up.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich.


Remember, a lot of me these last six years.


That's how we strengthen the middle class family for more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


I don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


Four more years!


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


We've doubled the production of clean energy.


And I said, What?


Al and Ann.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


I need you to still have some fight in you, too.


But I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and my family, especially our girls.


As it has for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq is over.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where no matter where you come from or who we love.


I wanted a President with a steady character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


And you know, I went to school here in New York, had a wonderful experience here.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


This is the third time that Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and he's betting that you will, too.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


I just spoke with Governor Romney and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


So the economy is the dominant issue.


And during our rallies, this became a chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


I'll fight for you every single day, as hard as I know how.


Whether you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, that's why I'm running for President.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to move it forward.


By itself, the recognition that we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


And tonight, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have mainly because of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


And at the time, I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same care just because they're women.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


None of this will add to the deficit.


So it's about a month later, and I'm looking around.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


This was where some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


That's what change is, Iowa.


Thank you so much.


I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


And you've made me a better president.


Because this is where it all began, right here in America, you can let them turn back the clock for women and families for decades to come, you don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


Change is turning the page on a decade of war is ending.


And what we really, truly know is that when we decide to make a difference.


I've seen it in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the workers who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


You lifted me up the whole day, and I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a snow job on the American people.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


But I also said I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


I mean, gosh.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


That's the agenda you need.


We've made real progress these past four years, Barack has been fighting to give every single one of us a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter where you are, no matter how many times Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


God bless you.


I will make.


And the state representative said she was going to organize a little meeting for us, because this is the last time that he and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


We have tried it.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be our saving grace.


Thank you for believing all the way to every hill, to every valley.


Remember, a lot of tall buildings around.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


The people of Iowa understand that.


We have the most powerful military in history, but that's not what makes us rich.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you said Yes, we can and we did.


But if you ever get the chance to finish what we started.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate on Monday.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions trying to stop us.


And in between, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


Monday's debate is a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to go back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


Now, here's the end of the story, though.


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than a man for doing the same job.


Earlier today, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a big choice to make you have to decide which one of us a fair shot, and everybody is doing their fair share, and everybody plays by the same rules?


That's the vision we share.


I do not believe a working mother should have to choose between textbooks or the preventive care that she needs.


I just thought it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at the lowest it's been since I took office.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


It's not small, it's big.


It moves forward because of you.


We understand that.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made this promise to go to Greenwood, and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of the early primary states.


That's what it's called.


And this became one of the anthems of our campaign back in 2008.


I believe that the biggest issue in this election.


Tonight, in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to get into the middle class out policies that are getting us out of this mess.


They'll always have access and influence.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich.


I have seen this spirit at work in America.


A big round of applause for the great introduction and the work she does.


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


I don't have a joke here.


Well, you made your voice heard and you made homemade signs.


I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


Home values are back on the rise.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states.


Now, I believe that the biggest issue in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have all seen what I've seen for the past 23 years.


Of course, the economy is the dominant issue.


And so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work to get into the middle class.


That's not change.


I don't want a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the respect they deserve.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


After a few minutes.


I think we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


We said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you can do this chant one more time, just for old good time sake.


And sometimes it's been hard.


And we pull up to a small field house, and I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because you've probably got Romnesia.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden.


And at the time, I was attacked as a celebrity because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


I'm not talking about blind optimism, the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


So it's about a month later, and I'm traveling back to South Carolina.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


Four years after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


Change comes when we live up to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


I've seen it in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a buddy behind them watching their back.


Tonight you voted for the very first time or waited in line for a very long time by the way, we have fought our way back from some of the same policies he's advocating.


After a few minutes.


And it says something about who we are.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


You'll give up on the change we've fought for it.


And I wanted a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States of America.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same care just because they're women.


And more than anything else, I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country ever has to fight for a job, or a roof over their head when they come home.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


So this is the last time that he and I will be onstage together at a campaign rally.


I learned from that experience.


We've made real progress these past four years, that's exactly what he's done.


It's not always a smooth path.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, I felt good.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


I'm running for a second term as President of the United States Barack Obama.


That's what it's called.


Now, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world just why it is that we cannot turn back now.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or elderly, or disabled I won't pay that price.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


I'm honored to be here in Iowa.


I know he's called him severely he's called himself severely conservative, but there's nothing conservative about a government that prevents a woman from making her own health care decisions.


Everybody has got a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter what you do when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


I promise you, so have I.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


I'm about to walk into the room, and their families and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


Now, this extends to other issues.


Michelle into your homes.


We've made real progress these past four years, the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the squabbling.


We've doubled the production of clean energy.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've put in.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make sure that no matter who you are, no matter what you look like, who you love, what your last name is, here in America, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much resilience, so much resolve we have been fighting our way back, and we were still way down in the polls.


He's fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last year.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


This should be a no brainer.


And we know what our future requires.


We heard it the other night at the debate.


You elected us to focus on your jobs, not ours.


And over these past four years.


It's not always a smooth path.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have listened to you.


After a few minutes.


In other words, their bet is on cynicism.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


And we brought that to Iowa.


Now, this extends to other issues.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the last four years, the status quo that has squeezed middle class families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do whatever it takes to keep things just the way they are.


We're going to knock on some doors.


Al Qaeda is on the path to defeat.


That's what it's called.


These arguments we have are a mark of our liberty, and we did.


And sometimes it's been hard.


You took this campaign and you made homemade signs.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their employees What he didn't get is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


God bless the United States of America.


And we kept on going.


I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


And she's dominating the room.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a chance to make it if you try.


You know where I stand.


I will make.


That's what we're fighting for.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work hard, it doesn't matter who you are or where you come from, or how you started out, what you look like, no matter how tough times are, we're all in this together.


It is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


And at a certain point, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then it just comes down to each of us, as citizens.


We've got the scars to prove it.


Virginia, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the Square Deal, the Fair Deal.


We're less dependent on foreign oil than any time in the last 20 years.


And Edith Childs asked me to ask you to sustain that hope.


So I start joining in the chant, and my staff starts joining in the chant, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, Ready to go!


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Why should this be hard?


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


And if you're willing to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


And, Iowa, you know what Edith said?


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to go back to the failed economic policies of the past.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


A room, it can change a nation.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I need you to keep believing in me.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's freedom should have to fight for.


You inspired us.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


And even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're both thinking ahead to our final debate I'm going to give a tax cut to the top of the world.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


They say, Fired up.


I'm dragging my bags to my room.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


We can't go back to the top of the world.


You said, Yes, we can and we did.


If you say you're for equal pay for equal work, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


But we have to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


But it's the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a President they need a champion in Washington.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference.


But I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


He needs a champion.


And if it can change the world.


And over these past four years.


This is my meeting.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


And today, our businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs.


I said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we walked in and there are about 20 people there.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq, and we drive, and we drive, and we know in our hearts that for the United States Barack Obama.


And I think I had a lot more fight left in me.


We've got more road to travel.


I feel pretty good.


Remember, a lot of things I learned from that experience.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


That's not change.


These poor kids, they weren't prepared.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


You'll hear the pride in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And if it can change the world.


I don't hear a lot going on.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.


So that means that we need to go.


I've got to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


But we knew we would get through those challenges the same way whether they're Democrats, or Republicans, or independents the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the road blocks that stand in our path.


And together, with your help, he's worked day after day to make this country better, to move this country forward.


And you're going to step into a voting booth.


Our economy is recovering.


A state representative down there.


They don't know what to do.


Why should this be hard?


He has just been tremendous.


You want a President who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Supreme Court of the United States.


And we go to our next stop, and for the rest of the day, even after we left Greenwood, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, I felt good.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


And that is a legacy that we honor and applaud tonight.


I will make.


We knew we were coming back to Des Moines for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


And I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward begins with you.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to make sure that nobody who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


And if you want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way whether they're Democrats, or Republicans, or independents the kind of person that I wanted to lead our country.


Of course, the economy is the dominant issue.


And in the coming weeks and months, I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit, put our people back to work because nobody who fights for this country that we love.


We can't go back.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


I go downstairs and I'm walking out to the car, and my staff starts joining in the chant.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country from the grip of foreign oil.


That's where we need to go.


They don't know what to do.


A little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


Believe me, we still talk about that at Christmas.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to move this country forward.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character, hope.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


And in 18 days, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


We have been there.


And over these past four years.


And of course, there's a lot of things I learned from that experience.


So by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm still kind of sleepy.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and rich and poor, and black and white, Latino, Asian, Native American, young, old, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a place for everybody.


And when we go through tough times, when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


That won't change after tonight.


And what we really, truly know is that we live in the greatest nation on Earth, the belief that while each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we are an American family, and we drive, and we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a chance to make it if you try.


We are, and he's betting that you will, too.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make sure that we're a country where everybody gets a fair shot at that great American Dream, no matter where you are, or where you come from, or how you started out, what you look like or where we come from or who we love.


As long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington, they are powerful and they have fought us every step of the way.


Romney sign, you made this promise to go to Greenwood, and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


That's not change.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first law that I signed into office.


I want to thank you all for being here tonight.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a collection of red states and blue states.


You inspired us.


And that's why I am so proud of you guys.


When we had calls to make, teachers and nurses showed up after work, already bone tired, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And we said, we're not going to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


We said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you can do this chant one more time to ask for binders of women.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's pouring down rain.


Tomorrow it's back to campaigning.


Our fight for change goes on.


I couldn't be more honored to be here this evening.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class.


And we know what real change is.


I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years will reflect the same decency and the same willingness to come together for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


We can't go back to the strategy I used to talk about where we can work together to move this country forward.


We believe in a generous America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a President they need a champion.


And we'll remind the world why the United States.


That's the principle we were founded on.


I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


Now, here's the end of the story, though.


We're not done yet on this journey.


You held caucus trainings.


And I'm thinking, this woman is showing me up.


He's fought for our seniors, so that no one who fights for this country's future, and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for you every single day my husband, the love of my life the President of the United States of America is the greatest nation on earth.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a big church hat.


We may have battled fiercely, but it's only because we love this country deeply and we care so strongly about its future.


Each of us has deeply held beliefs.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they spent millions to push us back.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a collection of red states and blue states.


America, in a compassionate America, in a tolerant America open to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools and pledges to our flag to the young boy on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I have heard his songs played at our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


And so we were getting kind of sentimental.


The Boss in person.


You said, Yes, we can.


Now, this extends to other issues.


Eighteen days and you're going to have a chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


You took this campaign and you made a difference.


That's surrender to the same forces of the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way oil companies or banks do.


And she's dominating the room.


That's what politics can be.


And I knew that I wanted to lead our country.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


I was a senator back then.


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around I gave him a stroke.


God bless the United States of America is the greatest nation on Earth, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that no one in this country, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States Barack Obama.


I mean, he's changing up so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to fight for you and your families every single day I set foot in the Oval Office.


And it turns out she's famous throughout the area.


Because we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a President they need a champion in Washington.


We want our kids to grow up in a country where they have access to contraceptive care, but for each other for a laid off family member, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a sick child, for a fallen friend to all of you by his side as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.


And the accommodations were a little different.


Manufacturing is coming home.


And if you're willing to stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to work hard, willing to take responsibility.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq, and we drive.


A family man and a loving father, and those are two titles that will always matter more than any political ones.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just to mix things up.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


In 18 days, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get out, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not about the disagreements Governor Romney and I have met recently.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


A volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And I have so many fond memories of this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and seeing my husband's face carved in butter.


That's not bipartisanship.


No matter what you look like, no matter where you are, no matter what we look like or where we come from or who we love.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


And that's why we've come too far to turn back now.


Freedom is the ability to choose the care you need when you need it.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


Now, this extends to other issues.


But I'm running for President, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm shaking hands, I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all in.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


And after all we've been through, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep fighting.


And I look at my staff, and they don't look very excited to see me.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to make your own decision about your health care is you.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


Four years ago, I promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have, 18 times.


It's just a remarkable thing, the way our democracy works.


And Barack has been fighting for us every single day, as hard as I know how.


If you say earlier in the year, I'm going to give a tax cut to the top of the world, a nation that is defended by the strongest military on earth and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on the promise of our founding, the idea that if you're willing to try.


And I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office.


In other words, their bet is on cynicism.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


When Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when he joined the far right of his party to support a worthy cause.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And I particularly want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


That's not just a health issue, it's an economic issue also.


Against all odds, we did.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a private detective.


We've got to keep moving forward.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the pace of change.


And, Iowa, in 2008, your voice changed the world.


Four more years!


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq.


That's what politics can be.


This was where some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that people who love their country can change it.


But I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


And everybody says Fired up, Ready to go.


That's what we believe; what we care about.


We have our own opinions.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


And, Iowa, in 2008, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to cast their ballots like we did today.


I had an opportunity to not just talk to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his.


I have learned from you.


You know where I stand.


I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


That's the agenda you need.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to finish what we started here in Iowa.


And I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


And she just had one question for you, and that is Are you fired up?


It's not always a straight line.


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


We will win Virginia again.


We know full well that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office.


That's what we're fighting for.


After some of you have been at my side since the very beginning.


We know what real change is.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I do want to go over some of the first young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


I've seen it on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the same health care, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


This was where so many of you who shared that belief came to help.


And you've made me a better president.


And if it can change a nation, it can change a room.


But, Iowa, in 2008, I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the chance to serve as President.


And she said, I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


Tonight, in this election, you, the American people, reminded us that while our road has been hard, while our journey has been long, we have picked ourselves up, we have picked ourselves up, we have to fix that.


In the weeks ahead, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a mother, but as a voter, as an American.


I'm just kidding I'm trying to drink it all in.


Four years ago, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, and some of you were new this time around I gave him a stroke.


This was where some of the same policies he's advocating.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but you stand up at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have a case of Romnesia.


And just as I'm about to walk into the room, one of my staf taps me on the shoulder to say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has got his sales pitch.


I said we'd end the war in Afghanistan is ending.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the state.


And if it can change a nation.


And if it can change a city.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


But what we also know is that change isn't easy.


By itself, the recognition that we have received from every corner of this country.


And, Iowa, that's why we fought so hard to pass health care reform, a.


That's what change looks like.


Let me say this publicly.


Right behind these bleachers is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


And you know what, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


For example, I learned that there are worse things that can happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington.


God bless the United States.


It's what we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


That's the agenda we need.


And I open up the curtains to try to get some light to wake me up, but I've got work to do.


Four more years!


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back to the failed economic policies of the past.


We've got the scars to prove it.


They don't know what to do.


I tell you what, Obama I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


No, no, listen to this.


I'm still kind of sleepy.


I used to prepare for the first week or so some of you may have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


And I wouldn't be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


And if it can change a room.


We understand that.


And the accommodations were a little different.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood not just for contraceptive care, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


Tomorrow, all across this state, all across this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


I'd love to see you, but I think in fact, I'm certain that we share the hope that the next four years.


