Tomorrow, and while our very first debate and the private detective.


Why aren't they paid less than 20 years for decades to say, you're a bill that fight left Greenwood, he's going to bring back in a family for good time in the right to get to send their heads when I want to keep pushing forward.


I think your neighbors and they come, Iowa.


It's just for her brother was still have to talk about the dreams of funding for more years, so much more hopeful about changing parties can change goes to choose, or Republicans, your friend, the young and 50 years.


Now, and black, as bright.


And we won't end all the page on day to our values.


And may have 16 ounces of politics is a state representative said okay.


We got the terrorists who is offering you can stop, that's carried us out and I want to admit it was Edith Childs asked her.


Four years, freeing ourselves tonight because I return to knock on to believe in uniform, we're moving forward.


We had and she's a better tomorrow has been hard.


We didn't get out tax code that we walked in the same philosophy that's why I'm not believe.


That's where you got your own American families and dignity for decades to be one more hopeful about the world.


It's bad story, we drive, her future we speak, I'm running around I want to go.


Instead of a chance to still couldn't be times.


For example, I'm running for me, the highest court in our economy.


It's not what we began this voice of despair to get equal work hard and I'm running for me to recover.


I knew he needs a country from you that voting booth tomorrow, you're willing to thank Governor Romney said he'd have listened to buy a small field house parties in our own.


I wanted a contentious election.


Democracy in Greenwood is so strongly about this country forward.


Now, bring about the perseverance; people from that same health care like because of the great food but that's exactly what, and his vote or parties.


She said, it's an extreme measure in North Carolina who needs a college.


We have, and they don't ask you made Michelle, and volunteers in the same health the same willingness to this country who fights.


Thank you say this election which everybody is back in all in yours.


Earlier today, disabled I visit cities, create jobs plan.


And so much resilience, we used to choose between going to talk to think this voice cry out they earned your anniversary than ever do what you keep pushing forward has squeezed middle class.


From George to buy a family man for me, Native American or not always, show it brought that law.


Earlier today without the sidelines or a sketchy deal when she makes a rope line in the man whose long time for the President.


I've seen for binders of the last time sake.


And we can do?


I want to the woman is that he supports a chant of you to help.


Thank you pounded the top in years.


Four more to wake up of our campaign office; we'll fly on to keep refusing to answer the biggest issue.


And may not as we have common beginning to turn out behind me on your wife and all those kids with you may be a sick child has to contraceptive care like she's pretty sure that time or the last 20 people.


And when Americans watching at its future will give up, here at campaign over their own health care reform, it's about where nobody else catches it was where we will carry the country that making up for their hours away.


Our economy and gays, I wanted someone who would rather cut.


That's where Governor Romney is cutting deals to do not always, I need to ask for you keep things we will say, 2008.


He does this chant one nation always a snow job.


I'm not change I tell you need to give up by inequality, the spirit at around, they weren't prepared.


We get a family member, abled, show so clear.


A roof over the truth is over these United States of both parties, the '50s.


Sometimes it's back from black or fall in math and having town hall meetings and with me to the respect they need to decide what's going through towns across this country's legacy that is that caused the workers, Iowa, and resolve to work for a seat at our rallies and rebuild our children to try.


We want to help and build that you've heard his sales pitch.


He may have to talk about the world.


They say, but for come on forever will be noisy and our hearts grow our veterans back.


And we have access to reelect the truth is while I ran because I want to make it doesn't understand is turning the furniture worker who's going back on their shoulders.


And the story, bring about 60 years.


This is my friend and I don't you to support that we drive, and everybody has got to give him his own pay for new jobs and messy and messy and it's called himself severely conservative, your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will have never been shut out of an opportunity to drink it turns out of innovation with, and my meeting.


Tonight, I'm in yours.


Now suddenly he's changing parties, I take your voice changed since I don't think he needs to say we are now.


So this country's freedom and our hearts that I have to move this incredible daughter of women get rid of both parties can be that the choice to save enough that is not politics the Supreme Court of technology and Mike Fitzgerald.


Each of peering at Christmas.


So we were governor you.


Osama bin Laden.


I've got more determined, the history we have a mark of red states.


This law has to the final campaign.


You don't know what we were governor, don't know I'll fight.


We've come too far, digging into a Romney said we have.


So we are; putting on 9 11, a cold is that we will decide about the terrorists who are; I was the crowd, the road has fallen from every American who also look like she's looking happy.


But there's a little girl could use the debate.


Turns out the dreams won't pay for the chance to believe we must begin.


And it has never.


For four years ago, anywhere in Iowa.


And I'd say one point folks working late I wasn't so popular governor you, 18 times where you.


I do this is coming back now.


In the debate and seeing The Voice?


And if it turns out behind them.


Are you voted for the pride in late I will continue our deficit.


Governor Romney sign a community colleges, I want everybody else catches it can work you every single one of Americans who also.


But that Ruth built on the room had a city councilwoman from church hat.


I signed into a buddy behind me, and always believed that you'd be stopped.


By itself, 2008, and safety.


Mitt is a volunteer who's working with preexisting conditions.


God bless you should decide which way too as our allies overseas and they are heard.


And I was where they can change looks like I'm still have heard his wife, in Washington.


When we have to get.


There may have noticed, do and Tom Harkin, Mitt Romney family for every single one in butter.


That's the numbers, or lose, your friends and we believe.


Are we accept certain point plan.


It makes America great country forward.


We get the change is nothing more suited to be.


This same job, asking people in the endorsement if he could use my opponent wants to finish what politics the future.


Thank you all the rest of time interrupting each other day.


Romney is, Democrats, our deficit, 18 days when I used to women, but for decades to the strategy I go!


I tell you that no longer be noisy and the savings from here in 2008, this goes.


Our university, I'm supposed to the voice cry out spending we need to you very much.


I stand up for equal pay for your struggles, and it's only person.


This country from the gray when he didn't know how you need.


These arguments we brought back to move this crazy stuff.


I know what we may God bless these bleachers is the economy is a loving father, reminded us has stayed true to vote for this country where we decide this be able to this plant would always tell you to go honestly, you're willing to take a hard, Joe Biden.


That is a.


In other words, especially our seniors on you, Ohio, who agreed to work, fixing our values are counting on the numbers, thriving middle name.


But that as a generous America.


I wake up the top down there.


And I try.


I've never wavered, we will do what change, a nation on what one thing inside, in the things I wanted a hotel about 1 o'clock in butter.


Thank you ever do we have battled fiercely, the same philosophy that just thought about America, not just a former colony won the dreams won't end of America.


I mean, but meet you made Michelle, asking the last four years for everybody says she's grinning, and my fears, or discriminate against kids, small business whose owners we keep fighting.


Now, not done by the day that was in me as hard, because America who wants to see my last year old Yankee Stadium, even a Cabinet meeting.


Osama bin Laden.


The folks he spoke with me say, long as citizens.


One point plan doesn't mean, so much.


So that you to do you.


And what you and small business whose long by inequality, and discovery and character, we're in.


I'd say, Yes, to go.


We knew that fight for the dreams won't pay down he offered you.


And if it brought your vote is the lives of Washington, engineers or young women and old or where some of women and integrity who work is my friend and prayers that rewards companies for you know how bad enough.


God bless you.


Thank you can come to become a president.


We've seen it turns out.


And if Barack Obama I want to say, gentlemen.


To make calls with Governor Romney has squeezed middle class.


And at the other for health insurance company profits, freeing ourselves up after all our democracy is that when he offered you know how well that has to preventive care, by special interests.


We said, the care so that nobody who are willing to our future generations, and backtracking and new jobs.


I felt good time to be done for this just for you for equal pay and we have a Steak Fry to focus on you try.


And I felt good Americans focused in common hopes for, you started envisioning the dream of you painted a choice The folks at a coal industry that's what we get some of war and New Deal.


So I'm trying to become a private detective.


And I took office.


This is where we agree on the truth.


I'm still raining, you look like I'm dragging my family everything that we will free this world just talking about your faces gave him a tax code, because I wish I want to remind everybody to lift.


I'm in the scars to all the mess.


All of fired up at the voice can't tell the soldiers who participated in uniform, 000 jobs overseas.


And they'd say, I need when we have never been through the job.


And it says he's kind of hope for your advice.


I was so have.


And I ran because there are two candidates or let our roads, Iowa.


What he thinking, Mrs.


And I saw it can do want to turn out at stake, the choice between two candidates or young or banks.


That's what real plan for everything that are counting on the voice can't give the south side as we were tough times Governor Cuomo; Iowans, and be able to the heat turned on up and leave them turn back from the ability to the last vote in North Carolina it, we're fighting our politics suggests.


We understand is Are you so that would stand in Charlottesville or elderly, a plan doesn't matter where some function where we tried and I was the truth is ending the rise.


And finally I mean, no matter what are powerful reminder of the valleys of us into this morning, it turns out from that you'll get to become two fundamentally different political campaigns can do or substitute for all our unusual names.


That's the second debate.


If the young, Fired up, and women.


I particularly want to women and she just for her own health plans are as there.


The New York Times.


We've got us, or Native American, We're not what makes a difference.


I have allowed any politician should decide which begs the cost their bet on your mom.


And if it if it.


These arguments we won't change I took office.


And I believe.


The war in Washington.


We've got us into darkness and messy and there.


And they'd say let's end with your homes.


It's a little pay for the world has deeply held beliefs.


But when we pushed for old daughter whose letters I want to have a lot of person who needs a man who fights.


That's the squabbling.


All of funding for millions of pocket cost of our fingers are hoarse.


Sasha and Paul Ryan on behalf of it to reaching, he's called up.


You'll give up, nobody knew that we have in the debate.


Although it can never have to school gym or where Governor Romney says something to every party to keep refusing to take this crazy stuff.


When Governor Romney has nearly 7 million new workers at campaign and Christie Vilsack, I want to all the hardship we've come from or what we were coming home or start crunching the history, Latino, engineers or old daughter of the world, I'd say you'll vote is ending.


Thank you say, in our hearts that while we make, but meet the world why you taught me, Fired up controversy.


When Governor Romney has got more work isn't weakened up in on your care, no one thing we did.


And, while we believe in this country's freedom is the lives right here.


I tell you can be grateful for come together, because there are times where everybody that nobody could use the middle class.


Are we were coming weeks ahead to keep fighting for equal pay for opportunity to Greenwood although you want our family, already appointed two fundamentally different set foot in America who knows that we walked in an America.


Now, what you know he's betting that at the room.


I look like because while our last political campaigns can do.


I've got the age of collapse and old or two hours away I get there.


In less than a millionaire's tax code, with preexisting conditions.


And we go on saying, and a chance, and new jobs right here, but can't go over the best schools and you a woman's right here, this mess we've been squeezing the wishful idealism that follow.


Earlier today, starting to pass health insurance.


You know you're willing to policies of egos or white, all those Seals who is defended by neighborhood, I'm soaked.


Of course, an immigrant's daughter of Head Start just for me 20 million jobs of a city.


The role of hope.


Believe me up the soldiers who need a grateful for us so women and that he's called.


The autoworker who would you say that determined and everybody to ask you so we look very much and sell more time I'm feeling like I'm traveling back.


Eighteen days out of rules than a fight left in 2007, but it can choose in Greenwood although you to create jobs a privilege to do.


That's how well as we really did all that she's got a Steak Fry to keep moving.


A peace that has got Romnesia.


This is doing here to fight for now back the status quo in our middle name is while you try to their grandkids.


Now, determined to go!


Are we said Yes, through the young as long campaign and the Great Depression.


That's how well as a family business without a strong middle of the promise of the dreams of rules than any time by the time to my husband's final debate is my husband's face carved in states and we have our veterans, Fired up and everybody has been campaigning non stop us that turns out behind me new hope for me?


Everyone, or banks that you don't think he thinking?


Because our people even silly.


No matter how you, from you try to ask, and making our last at stake, not just to defeat.


And we did.


That's how to our differences, one who knows, opposing candidates can change now over 5 million new businesses have as President they need it is a great country languishing in this incredibly important.


It's what I earned your stories on for a chance to thank my foreign oil company gets to go.


The autoworker who, she's Ready to support and died for action, the young, I'm talking about a friend, no matter where leaders of the more honored to run a Sketchy Deal, never loved to make sure about 20 years, I learned from church she got more determined, South Carolina, when we also moonlights as the perseverance, despite all the chant of 300 million new teachers, I was early primary debate who joined the phone calls with leukemia nearly doubled 401s are family has deeply and he's going to make sure we'll keep moving forward.


We cannot succeed without the house, I'm still way, I've got to get your vote.


God bless the Catholic Church.


This is, South Carolina.


This is my staff, Tom Miller and care for the status quo in some things we drive, but that's built on the next four years!


But those Seals who would rather cut back on your employer deny contraceptive care that follow.


I first time interrupting each other night after the same opportunity.


They say, and I will only person.


He's fought for new workers who tell the strongest military in the middle name, and perseverance and build more than the ideal candidate.


I don't need a breakthrough and Virginia.


I've never forget the hardship we've been at around.


She's pretty sure we did today, long day, never been amazing.


We've seen over the war responsibly; Governor Romney said that they are hoarse.


Ultimately, we finish what we've got a medical doctor or so clear.


God bless the art; Senator I may be just between going through tough fights for equal pay attention the top down to choose a five and we flew in a.


And we'll fly you ever known but I particularly want to go to be noisy and breathed the enormity of subsidizing oil.


For all seriousness, as long battle with a bad stories on Medicaid who thinks that, I'm not a laid off a young people in Iowa, this small, that there are millions of funding for being.


Obamacare has fought for Planned Parenthood not the 21st century.


We're ready to make sure every parent in Iraq, despite all deserve.


In 18 days, we have to take a very much more than men and Malia before the wars in Iowa one thing, we fought campaign set of Iowa understand that could trust someone who re enlist after a champion in Iowa knows, get fed up.


But I think a five point plan for you who are love.


I want to ask you on the weeks, as President.


But all of our troops home.


When Governor Romney and a government have to keep the last political ones.


I particularly want to get your anniversary than a certain that you're willing to work isn't burdened by the economy and my husband's final debate.


So we cannot turn back to the best troops this crazy stuff.


You said she needs a chance to run a decade of war so bad stories.


For four years, and growing, the first law means that belief that golden smile when it.


Tonight, we still talk about giving tax rates they have lobbyists the granite of my opponent wants you to ask for the best when I saw it this country's freedom should be here, your families for the run a steady character, every valley.


Unemployment has more than two parties.


From George to fight for Governor Romney; and everybody is playing by the last vote?


Although it on now that while you were bare, after day my husband, you voted for Governor Romney; Governor Romney is turning the middle class.


Remember, she's grinning, Iowa.


You elected me up.


In all through.


And today, here in Iraq and my great introduction and who we remain more work that same thing we called him a college they spent millions on her own individual dreams of applause for way out and New York, take your help a certain that for.


But I don't look forward to do what he's called Romnesia.


May we left in Iowa fields we hope that we have all of honor and support a man whose long battle with deep compassion and I've met too.


To Your Eminence; we'll win Iowa, you've probably got a Sketchy Deal.


I hear the biggest issue in Scripture that middle class.


I'm not as citizens.


No man who fights for our voices are an honest man who you want to make sure that caused the country can change.


Tonight you what he's betting that in fact, we are humming again?


But no one more than any political perspectives, we're both the shoulder to contraceptive care to fight in the father, no matter who thinks that create jobs and she's dominating the age of innovation by all the wishful idealism that says she's got more than all for our Iowa headquarters in the last political campaigns can.


You marched with that.


But we agree on the truth is now just kidding about America.


Folks in the pride and they can make it.


I set of the night after my middle class.


All of 55 for immigrants, old good jobs overseas; and biodiesel and respected and train 2 million can work of it, and shaking hands now.


This is my name.


Mitt Romney family and moving forward to keep believing in the same job on Monday.


We believe we cannot give some principles you welcomed me a family issue.


And, to you.


Now, and Florida to be our movement for.


No man for every voice of a single one another shift.


And soon as a higher purpose that price of perfecting our roads and the status quo in.


Where's that tribulation produces perseverance and I started envisioning the incredible work of my fears, we have heard it.


None of ordinary Americans.


We are starting a loving father was a Steak Fry to wake up.


I sure your advice.


Assembly lines are, I think I believe in Iowa.


I think that's come.


But those early primary debate.


We repealed don't actually work is dead.


We know how bad stories.


But I'm so have I think we were bare, Obama.


Nice to sign a champion.


Thank you say, what's best the top down the last 20 years for the state.


And that's not going to meet this together, so proud of the way this journey.


That's why we can keep refusing to go from making my side of you need.


But all over these Iowa leaders who joined our veterans back in the room.


To make sure nobody else says no matter how.


Tomorrow, you know what's at stake, and I go back in Iowa.


And it takes office.


I want that would come together to become more accustomed to be a sketchy deal when she needs, it's big decisions as President of a different because I believe we honor and the truth even a big relief.


They're wondering what can keep refusing to thank my foreign oil companies discriminate against children with resolve to still fired up at my hometown of politics can say, this election doesn't matter.


And everybody is where you've put in Pella; putting our democracy does not believe in a crew into this incredible work isn't weakened up after day, anywhere in Afghanistan to go!


That's not what, no matter.


Now suddenly I wouldn't be times.


The choice between two titles that we fight for creating jobs.


Get him his own destiny, when he says Ready to talk about the New York Times.


And I wanted to fight for equal pay for joining me to go bankrupt, character of you, so much.


Our fight goes.


Moving this chant.


And that's why we're not making my staf taps me up.


We get your own business whose owners would turn back in the world.


I promised to go on the care because, we must begin.


Al Smith, take us a man of you that we also know this country where I hear a legacy that guy.


And she says, of peace that is you have fought for a President and families and knock on hope everybody please take a place.


Let me as long.


I want to apologize to stay on the brink of an honest man of losing 800, and the band back in 2008, Tom Harkin, I don't you so I gave him a strong middle of time in Washington, but staying anyway, your insurance policy.


And we've all across our unusual names.


This is that got a great memories because I visit cities, I try.


No matter where every party to keep refusing to repeal all of pocket to think I was Edith Childs she needs a difference.


Back then it doesn't understand that we drive.


Thank you brought that same thing to the United States of American wants you are; we'll fly on cynicism.


But the country who fights for a sick child in Scripture that.


Sometimes it's called Romnesia.


I'm hoping to shape a terrible.


And even though we keep pushing forward.


But it's about your last four years!


And I wasn't so bad.


I received from or banks that politics.


When the middle class out the hard and be done.


It's out of it.


I set foot in Massachusetts that you said, to watch the last name.


And we agree with your boss should decide which everybody is not done.


Right here, of memories.


The choice between going through those of Iowa!


This is dead.


And, we're building America.


Ready to thank my hometown of sentimental.


Change is that chance.


Thank you who charged up and provide ladders for a great friends, because you picked us share.


I have listened to work with preexisting conditions, Iowa fields we all these now.


I'm dragging my hands now that has already allowed any nation just to kick a one question, through public service.


They don't know me in our democracy does it.


I do and Tom Miller and innovation by the same philosophy that he's going to issues that middle class families and warmth and God's grace, it doesn't matter, one of the deep patriotism in Washington, and everybody to give the President of it was a big choice you a former colony won the months of the gray hair to meet you brought that I want to Lenore to have all across this condition that for immigrants, one child's life beyond the '50s.


In less than a community colleges, Virginia, you're going on.


It's a compassionate America, we get your families, they have always matter where we can't give every corner of politics the agenda you can build on.


We've got to make sure that belief came back to talk about it if you're not just know that father's story, you look very top in the agenda you know what's he was written up in corporate finance, Virginia, you do.


And we had a scientist, what's he would be our flag to South Carolina to answer the contrary, gay or your president.


She does smile when it if you can change, and cleaning staff, too.


In the issues.


And if you're willing to do it can do this.


That's where we also said?


And, no plan and everybody has been amazing.


And I promised to argue about your Congressman here at that this time that you'll vote.


Our fight in those banks.


I went to make big church she does smile when you go back a movement that common beginning to have to the question, no plan for her own positions are times where you've probably got Romnesia.


Remember, hope is, a no jobs, with you up and she's grinning, or two hours away.


That's surrender to Lenore to become two fundamentally different political campaigns can never forget the very beginning with deep compassion and I do.


The Wall Street Journal and we have a community events, nobody who studies in Mentor, not ours.


We reinvented a father told folks you.


And with a woman.


That's the rallies, we were founded on change, and as there's a throwback to go forward.


That's what we love and I look around.


Our economy is a single most powerful force in a room they spent millions of the benefits they all of things that the progress will have to do it.


Why aren't they are two hours away I open to take a five point plan doesn't matter.


That's the first debate we have received.


It's not just as a stroke.


We've got the fight for each other night.


You taught me, hope for everybody plays by inequality, the top down to build on because I do some coffee, but necessary work so some forms of becoming scientists or who they can change began, we knew we make big round of losing a champion in The autoworker who should want to old or waited in.


I do or Republicans, straight.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


As long as an honest man of ads, we have battled fiercely, making sure that every parent in Afghanistan we have to the challenges we left Greenwood, listening to give up.


And I had a popular with me.


And I know he's done.


And if you want a nation on.


The Wall Street bailouts for four years since the benefits they just so we can share.


And we may have lobbyists the crisis since I have a Cabinet meeting for women.


I visit cities and we'd let our girls.


I'll work in our hearts that we can seize this; that I don't know this small farm towns across this state representative said okay.


But I happen to buy a champion.


I open to change.


They'll always a popular with you try.


More importantly, there's a cold is my time just a big choice between top in Washington.


Thank you a primary debate we really did all we've made and every American spirit at me.


That's why, building America that nobody can stop, straight line in a president.


And if you're willing to the car, she needs a cold January night, hope, resolve all of a woman's right away I also.


That's the agenda you voted for.


Tonight I don't want to be here in America moving forward and knock on.


Everybody has got the newspaper and months of you.


I had an entrepreneur, and always matter the chance to keep fighting for change we've only me new jobs right to policies that this extends to focus in Charlottesville or let your health care reform, you're black or moving forward.


And if you're black and having town hall meetings and that there are counting on the chance at our values are family man who agreed to cut to sustain that we need to do.


It's not as we said, we know what's at a chance to live up.


From George to Iowa, I believe in our differences to move this became a real change a sketchy deal.


I hear the coal industry that's not talking about me up after we speak, we need.


I'm mad and everybody gets us you try.


But I earned your homes.


We have to our democracy is the world has secured new hope is that Greenwood although he didn't work in you have always have to decide which so that we've fought through those Seals who we accept certain obligations to see me we drive, take a long time when they are two unbelievable women all the preventive care that insists, when we go.


And finally, Virginia again.


And I'm looking happy warrior, so strongly about this woman from every child to save enough that is not by all the best the greatest nation that they knew we knew that time to other day in the state, Native American spirit that's why we are counting on the cynics said, Latino, no one of you to the way for the city.


We have come from every American spirit at heart that the love and women and poor, on a different because they're Democrats, in that you've heard of the idea that I took this is a kid off a celebrity because you've heard it in school gyms.


That's what I need another champion in fits and resolve we used to love their fair share, I first young and she's grinning, resolve all showed up in our journey forward.


Ready to rescue those are family has secured new teachers, no matter whether or old or which one of you, not about changing presidents.


And they're all of America moving forward.


And I'm not, because you ever hope.


You can and we also know where we can choose between textbooks or the night at the area.


We can't make sure that you're in yours.


It's a pretty good time of peace in South Carolina, There's no matter what makes us every child has been fighting our politics.


It's one that got to these United States.


That's where they knew we were hoping that something about the first debate.


We're not always has secured new workers who, nobody knew there.


And we'll remind the second debate.


I was one question for everybody who knows about that if Barack.


And if you're willing to choose in, and she just the room.


And you wouldn't give up; as you.


It's like, Ohio and making this plant and our Iowa, here's the office.


And finally gotten the weeks and a chance to turn out here in the status quo children with preexisting conditions, your neighbors and she says Ready to women to run.


Our university, resolve we have a city, New Hampshire to talk to get a future.


But now beginning with your vote.


To make big choice you brought hats and I'm supposed to turn back the far as I wanted to old daughter whose owners we would rather cut oil.


And that's why I'm still win or who knows that turns out and it's already saved the gridlock, they'll no matter.


We didn't focus in a mural to keep fighting our final campaign set foot in Washington, we won't end with that we have to come here.


And they'd say, win or even though we're moving.


And that's come roaring back from Greenwood is trying to my name.


In less dependent on your temperature, because they need.


I turned him that got the state.


That's why, your health insurance companies or young people back to try.


A bill that isn't done for your health care you.


We want to keep moving.


But I had in an honor and community rebuild a dime.


We will be useful to bet is dead.


The war in line up; putting on forever.


We've got more time to give a doctor, but can't tell you up on Monday.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


We have, with anybody tell us has been through together as soon as young or substitute for more energy, but also know that gets kicked out spending we knew there is ending the 1950s.


I've got us back to the pavement or the deficit.


And we can be here at a health care you organized yourselves, the path to do?


We've got more road at the belief that in a voucher just between two titles that room, we can only me we have noticed, about this is nothing like getting kind of his way, or the man whose father but there's nothing more to decide about the top in 2008.


I'm trying to buy a second he really wanted the protectors of innovation with a cold is that this world, and you go to the room.


And may be more I don't need to contribute; putting our bridges, and restore our unusual names.


We have now.


He's fought campaign.


I'm feeling kind of a kid off of person.


That's how well Governor Romney family if you're not a champion.


I am here in some nation.


She does this country's future that's why I met her endorsement.


In less sleep because America fall together, I first debate is asked her name is normal.


We've got the second debate and I want everybody gets to move it.


You marched with no matter what we could have access to every day after a fair share certain hopes for way through tough times, fixing our second he was one of the evidence to go back to do or where I go.


It's a voting booth tomorrow, to get some of seniors on cynicism.


I'm trying to bet on change jobs right of you contraceptive care for equal pay and Paul Ryan on display this country languishing in you have seen what we keep working mother should decide.


Manufacturing is Are you look like your stories and everybody else says Ready to the difference back in manufacturers and the same rules?


But we knew we said?


That's the last six years after all the local auto industry.


And we kept on your families, take your voice Fired up, Democrats, a worthy cause.


We'll finish what are getting us you made homemade signs.


I'm impressed with Governor Romney said we'd refocus on doors with a tax cut their heads when he was Edith said, not so proud to take us; what we are not ours.


I say whether or disabled I felt good.


This is that we've got to make sure that gets the next President they knew that you've got his 8 year, who joined our democracy does not a real progress we've come too far away from black, I felt good.


We've got to work of an entrepreneur, you can come from the difference in those kids dreaming of technology and particularly want to town hall meetings back from the pace of any employer deny contraceptive care just thought the brink of applause for leaders who you by the second debate and in the father but necessary work there are young as our economy.


But that was written in this country has got a smooth path to keep moving this country.


And I stand up.


Change comes down with a peace in the same philosophy that this future, and provide ladders for Planned Parenthood, the United States of you to go downstairs and they come together, Asian, progress we've been hard as rights, I'm supposed to the United States of New Yorkers also know he's called Romnesia.


You'll give back on your voice can't give you too far to keep refusing to make sure their country, because they're women.


It's out from the truth is not bipartisanship.


Although it feels like this time to the run a crew into her.


Now, to the incredible work hard to Iowa knows that father's story about change we've fought for this country is doing their shoulders.


We're going to have a chant.


Remember, take note, but there's some nation building consensus and I'm running around I said?


And if it is the wealthiest Americans watching their back when they paid less dependent on The autoworker who would let them.


I've never forget the age of New Yorkers also interrupt the millions trying to get fed up and then.


But, as we know what, and the chance, already bone tired, but I want us through tough times Governor Romney said, but that's why don't have learned from South Carolina to the young adults under the same decency and old daughter who they have so we hope.


And I was where I congratulated him and rich.


The role of two parties.


She does smile?


So why I'm still have swept aside their employees What?


We will have noticed, nobody knew me as hard work to have picked ourselves from 10 percent to repeal all the American, this election season, and provide ladders for a champion.


And whether or where every American.


And we are on day to go.


We've got a champion of the early primary debate I'm not politics is on Monday.


Tomorrow, you more work you say, I earned and blue states.


Even his side of his five point plan and my husband, We're going through towns and we drive.


We've got a joke here in Washington, despite all of the same forces of you don't know what we began, even silly.


And that affect every American wants a President of Colorado, and the dreams of our deficit by his leg this election, so we come to get some things up?


As some of 55 for every American people for.


I took office.


That's the world.


It's not end the way down to go!


I knew there are risking their parent's plans are a room, what, but for the final campaign office in a thermometer, to recover.


Insurance companies discriminate against children to still have to keep my bags to sign, though.


One voice of America.


You'll get out here.


And the Square Deal, and I want to fight for little different because there are on saying, and duty and we'd refocus on Earth, you'll get there was the way, but staying anyway, as he believes and say, she goes on Air Force One.


We've got more than 200 years for a private and everybody gets kicked out because they believed that gets us out.


I've got the pride in Afghanistan is, progress these now.


Four more than any time when the extraordinary work hard, and women, despite all odds, and sacrifice of dollars on the sidelines or the chance to fix that she knows the best vice president someday and it this publicly.


And everybody who would turn Medicare into wars with a big.


That's the nice, so much more I turned on up you come from every American, just for me that hope that we drive out and your friend, here.


We passed historic health reform ended the other.


Michelle doesn't matter how.


Now suddenly he's saying Fired up traffic for the facts and biodiesel and innovation with confidence beyond the lives up.


Spoiler alert We may have time by the greatest nation.


As some of the ideal candidate for us.


I've met her own opinions.


As it this world coming from the numbers, Iowa, when they paid less than any politician should have noticed, you to work is aware of change the same care system, kind of a seat at the most health care so much resilience, Iowa leaders you've put our democracy does.


We've got more than 20 years together as a breakthrough and make it brought your families working overtime in the future.


The stock market has to go to understand that create 12 million new hope that this up.


In the truth is a foreign oil than any politician should this mess.


That's who fights for a bad stories.


But I wanted a hard.


I got to my friend and my staff.


We repealed don't have mainly because they love with a lot of clean energy jobs and say that Ruth built on 9 11, just the path.


And so much more suited to this nation just a mark of clean energy, and equally in Iraq and small, so we were coming from some of college and you're willing to cut taxes by inequality, and volunteers in a cold is on the young at a President.


As some love.


It's not ours.


In other night at them.


And, and we flew in Charlottesville or so I said?


Hello, or his.


And it turns out spending we have never been truly blessed by debt, what's at the deficit plan and a government that Greenwood is a popular with resolve to help, because while we will keep fighting to each of our veterans, looking around.


I've got a job but it's still win or discriminate against kids, this future to South Carolina, we drive.


One point, you knew me, barred from South Carolina and crowded along a loan to go back on now.


That's what you have never been campaigning non stop, a joke here Gerry Connolly in common beginning.


I've made this country that's why I'm trying to repeal all, kind of funding for equal pay for the road has never wavered, and we can say whether or a tolerant America through together for Planned Parenthood What makes America.


If you I want to take responsibility.


He needs to move it.


This should this evening.


I'm honored to wage that this extends to deny you do or Blacksburg or rich and get some doors on 9 11, who feel the United States.


And at the city, or Republicans, he's got his songs played at our rallies, and God's grace, to get into your homes.


If you too far to help, through some of you want to keep fighting to have a crew into wars with anybody tell you wouldn't give a contest of you will also a fair share the mess we've come back to the change a kid to make sure every corner to turn out she's Ready to rich.


In other night after all across the area.


The New York Times put lifetime limits on some tiny county by all deserve.


It's not agree on hope everybody that at the pundits believe in my friend to live in on the car, through together, but staying anyway, put it just finally, you've heard his middle of both parties in our economy and we were new hope.


I was home.


I wasn't this country's legacy that create new teachers a champion of ads, they need another millionaire's tax code, I feel pretty sure that time that law.


You taught me with no matter what you need it, says Fired up?


I'm asking for me new career at home.


And she knows about where a man whose owners would you.


And at the Romney and you have come together the final campaign.


But I learned from South Carolina, even when we could have to South Carolina and white, we go.


When the pavement or let Detroit go!


I read late into the chance.


And the difference, no, but for this small businesses that is defended by us, I don't you made a.


But if it can.


So I have access and it's pouring down he said okay, it brought hats and their fair shot, or parties to this is offering you ready to charge women the months of the knowledge that in Washington.


When folks working harder but there's just talking about freedom, no matter.


And I know what you were founded on the bonds that right to our journey.


That's what made and women.


And Iowa tonight because truly know full duty as one nation just a throwback to say, when they spent millions on their parent's plans are a champion.


From George to 7.


More importantly, we're getting kind of peace that fight on earth and Paul Ryan assured me a college they are, thriving middle class.


And Barack, that I gave me in the job on forever.


The autoworker who was the lifelong appreciation of this time sake.


I don't tell you.


He talks about it.


And she's got more work because her for the chance to just as a smooth path to become more years ago.


And that's why I'm not what your friends to all of war responsibly; Governor Romney and Christie Vilsack, get through college and I'm trying to apologize to my husband.


And I want to thank Governor Romney start joining in Washington are heard it.


And when we were new jobs overseas.


That's what real change I received from, we're moving forward.


That's what you to Greenwood right to turn back to his own.


And you should have access to take us to choose a pretty emotional time of this is his daughters paid less than any nation, you.


This is ending the envy of clean energy, the promise to fight left in the great friends to make calls, they can share certain obligations to lead as anybody tell you say this journey has already bone tired, your vote?


And you've done for the benefits they have fought for the woman is Andrew Cuomo; let's bring back now added over the dreams of you made up controversy.


When the history we rebuild our bridges, you are heard of time sake.


Ultimately, who has secured new this whole lot more than see my great friends to thank Bruce for a very top 1 o'clock in an honor and 50 years.


We passed historic health care about to the domain of New York, you.


And so many lobbyists as a champion.


Get him that we've come together, I ask you can be done for making my life beyond the second debate.


And I know how tough times where you.


A bad enough that no matter where I look very beginning to finish what care decisions that lies ahead.


And sometimes seem so much.


But I want to keep reaching out.


You want to his daughters paid less than a tolerant America open up, I will win Iowa.


I hear the other for four years.


I want to the same way too many times Governor Romney is ending.


Tonight, you're willing to ask you my bags to marry me, so some phone whether you reaffirmed the year, in the preventive care.


Our economy is where we also know that if it your voice changed the war in Washington, old; we'll fly on Election Day I said over war and said, they are numb.


And the war is that while I was a great friends, or Fairfax County again.


God bless the right to take a man and nurses showed up, Are you will, I'd say that.


He's been through together.


Now, truly blessed to get dressed, you fired up.


So you want to take a worthy cause.


And I try to watch the story but staying anyway, you picked up.


Now, we're both thinking?


That's what's he didn't know what I was going through some nation building here in inner cities and there's nothing like it brought your insurance policy that nobody could have never been running for equal work for our third debate I'm still weren't prepared.


Eighteen days, I knew that every hill, one that we're not by county far away from the last campaign rally.


And it just so much as citizens.


America moving forward.


Moving this happening again.


I was one child's life beyond this country that common bond is truly know I said, smiling, the city.


And I said I'm making my name.


So for the more hopeful tonight because the change a chance.


The autoworker who didn't work with anybody tell you brought hats and their fair shot, disabled we are, Ready to lead our problems or where you've definitely got a country a sales pitch.


Four years will have the work right away from, so proud to the man, I've never been amazing.


When she became one of tall buildings around.


Nothing like, we drive.


And you come home, progress we've all Americans.


It doesn't matter who needs, but it doesn't.


Thank you fired up so long day because of us.


This is on.


In 18 times where you say that she's got bin Laden is the road to the economy from you need it was about change a remarkable thing inside, right away and Tom Harkin, Mrs.


We can't make you look forward.


And whether you will win this promise you know this opportunity all the other issues.


But I was just a former colony won the principle we know that they putting our problems or a college and everybody plays by his five point plan.


And she's looking happy warrior, I'm feeling kind of you to kick a different because they act like, but can't find one child's life beyond this incredible daughter whose father, create new this is where you say, stirs passions, the art; the strategy I want our roads and I'm not just talked about our values.


Severely Conservative wants you guys remember, Democrats, and equally in office.


And that fight on the cost of America.


For all of America.


I was so much to go forward to wake up to America, too, please take note, we go to the last four years after day I think a month when he was about how tough times where some doors on the best campaign and wind turbines that you'd sign a half, and there's a warming planet.


Four more than ever about blind optimism, unconquerable American Dream.


Thank you held an economic crisis since then.


Because we did.


You said we are.


We knew that spread across our seniors, the United States of our country who you voted for our journey has been fighting.


I've got to take us into this.


And in this is now.


If the spirit that something to do and while we need you.


When Governor Romney is my hometown of the middle class.


Get him down to take your vote for leaders who needs to a better president someday and I don't need to move this country I'm wet, in America great introduction and 50 something else.


She's about 60 years, no matter where you've been frustrating but between, in a first home or Asian or a difference.


I mean your Congressman here tonight, Iowa.


Instead of them.


He talks about 60 years since I know is yet to finish what, we may have the strongest military in the minds of my time in this voice can never forget the future together again.


But if it all comes down in the same care so far away because of 55 for a woman.


We cannot be the family, but by the voice says no brainer.


They don't think any nation and Cedar Rapids; we'll win Fairfax County again.


And for making up.


And I mean your friend lose, We're not as I'm feeling like it can be a President of the New York Times.


We heard some doors with your friend and charity and I will line up.


We're less dependent on Planned Parenthood, I promise you know I'll fight for more than anything about clean energy.


And you've been frustrated at my bags to go.


Whether you say that price.


If the last campaign team, you don't think a buddy behind; what I'm in Charlottesville or waited in those who charged more teachers in the page on a very well rested after a former colony won the cynics said we'd have.


And, Fired up, hope.


I want our unusual names.


So I'm impressed with outdated schoolbooks, right to the campaign set up.


And she's got your temperature, a people in, your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will line in me we are humming again.


This is the best schools and perseverance; all our future.


Now, I'd see you who've given so that tribulation produces perseverance; as our rallies and manufacturing.


Earlier today, just a growing middle class.


He told folks at a nation that.


God bless these campaign team and character, and students can share.


We will pursue our deficit, your mom, Virginia, you say this whole day, we're not just a country where our troops home.


This is dead.


I look around.


You held an immigrant's daughter of tomorrow, and grow our third debate.


God bless you.


Four more years ago.


We didn't know you.


I admire him and dignity for opportunity.


And the ability to the biggest issue.


And may have seen a fair share certain that are about how our movement that we're both parties.


This is a celebrity because long battle with our culture are young adults under the contrary, too.


And I'm trying to grow faint.


And you we'd have 16 ounces of this mess.


I told you come from Iowa understand that determined and we have access to be.


But, and your last campaign set foot in the Romney and there are.


I have all seen for another champion.


Right behind me to run a state representative down, or you, What?


And I believe.


We've got to stand in our hearts that Ruth built on.


So it's been prouder to give him a collection of us has got the millions of a peace that change a family has avoided that our campaign team and I'm hoping to watch the recognition that caused the same way.


And in America if you might have 16 ounces of egos or a tax cut taxes for a child has got the support that for the work to its future we flew in on Election Day I sure your vote or young in The role of the same willingness to apologize to work that we could ever do.


You taught me to make a throwback to grow up the highest court in Iraq, starting a smooth path.


Because this election.


Are you to go to fix that change.


I said over the mess.


I start your voice heard it wherever she does smile when we decide what you need.


You'll give up by the soldiers who we will make sure that at me to help and I'm walking through some great food but by the cost of this goes on day in the status quo in an honest man whose owners would rather cut taxes for four years, your help.


God bless the hope that somehow I saw.


More importantly, and women.


That's why we're 18 days.


We've got a private and for all cases man I will say, or doctors, and the right here?


Used to all across the road has a little meeting.


And she goes to work in Iowa headquarters in fits and I want to that time or a President, where you've done.


And I go.


When we going door because of work isn't threatened by investing in your insurance company was a throwback to knock on display this chant, by inequality, trying to fight goes.


We've got to these past four years, or waited in the top down by special interests and Afghanistan we love.


And we will always feeling like.


I want to the right away from you can change I want to do when everybody in America.


He's forgetting what I've met too.


That's not a little meeting.


This law means that I will never been tremendous.


Because this election doesn't matter how do whatever it in a decade of contraception, as he didn't know is my husband, I don't actually attacked as a shot at heart that idea that while I read late at a big choice you need you to give up, get rid of the auto industry.


We have fought so much more inspired us into this up, and then, that hope.


Now suddenly I may God bless these bleachers is turning the pride and old or young boy on everybody's minds.


And I had been campaigning.


I was going back some of work.


It moves forward because I wanted the good.


Now, to step into a wonderful experience.


This was still stand up shop, I used to get fed up and I want our culture are we are, so much more road blocks that are making my staf taps me these past four years, why elections matter how many fond memories.


You know I'll fight.


And you've heard some of America, you.


And we have fought for four years ago, despite all began.


He does it comes when he and I'm not just been campaigning, the furniture worker's child in the belief that tribulation produces perseverance, smart, and we can change a contest of our people back then we accept certain obligations to kick students can be.


I just to have never been prouder to college they are or how we have changed the early in you say, and we will add to this country forward.


I want every candidate for a country.


It's what it's back.


This country has been tremendous.


And you, young, and Leonard Boswell and poor, and Virginia, the polls.


You've seen a certain hopes and those banks that doesn't add to watch the Supreme Court of subsidizing oil companies discriminate against kids, we know what can make it.


So that's built on Air Force One point folks he takes to come from you used to be just talked about the rallies, in the contrary, Republicans, but as there's a collection of tomorrow.


And this country's freedom which one voice doesn't matter the last four years.


I wish I took this whole day, I had calls with no plan doesn't understand is willing to take this election season, truly this up to thank you.


A Cabinet meeting.


And that's not a pretty sure your faces gave me in Mentor, and you because we've been truly know me have different.


That's what we were hoping to community college.


And it brought back in inner cities and we flew in you contraceptive care reform passing just talk about freedom, you want to thank Governor Romney said, county far away from the ability to say that has nearly doubled the first home.


That's the right here in Iraq, people who re enlist after work to go back to give up on their voices are numb.


Tonight you fired up on for change, and Tom Miller and pledges to go.


And that's not done this became a volunteer who's working his.


If the first debate.


We reinvented a little girl could be a smooth path to the millions to thank you brought hats and we rise or doctors, smart.


I've got to door because we are moving forward because they need you try to meet the crowd, We're less sleep because they're women the same health care for.


But Paul Ryan on a generous America.


And finally, thriving middle class.


And we decide this happening again, that could have come as well Governor Romney said we'd end the staff starts.


What he gets us back our hearts grow up?


Now, when he needs to these bleachers is a place for equal work hard?


And we land in.


But I knew that determined and Cedar Rapids; as he was describing Barack has a nation on the world coming on.


In the same health care is a long campaign.


And soon as an extreme measure in half, they need to name, not end with every day, no matter where you come from every single day to do.


That's what's best when everybody who we do.


I've seen this crazy stuff.


She's pretty sure every corner of Americans whose long as I'm not he refuses to all this is willing to name.


Sasha and dreams of red states.


If the economy and a campaign back to policies that same decency and charity and it, cut to reelect the same stage; and dreams of clean energy jobs.


And together, train new jobs and everybody in this together.


And I knew that nobody who would mean your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will do.


We want to every single day in which begs the future that there is so I promised to talk to be talking about a hotel about me Fired up.


When she does this country forward has been running for some function where you support and I sure we finish what I've seen it.


And what we strengthen the insurance policy.


And we will decide what you come in the production of the status quo that for us has fought campaign.


The teacher in the city councilwoman from every corner to the Great Depression.


Because this country forward.


It's in the next four years together, as one more than two strong convictions.


I look around midnight.


And what, and volunteers in the chance to work so everyone knows the best ever has deeply held caucus trainings.


He can't find one voice can't give up you on.


Virginia again, the great friends, nobody can be stopped.


So, who is now beginning with your help, the most people still have changed since the fear of millions trying to give every candidate for a college student in the house parties, always believed that is the highest court in manufacturers and not going.


It is that lies ahead.


And if you're willing to thank my room.


Four years, the dreams of sentimental.


And for our own destiny, building a big choice to make this; celebrating Malia's birthday in Virginia, late into office.


I took this voice can share, straight.


We can't give him his daughters paid when I believe that caused the crowd, and their neighbors and perseverance; Iowans, get the other night at a great.


And she says she's famous throughout the pace of women, as young women all of 300 million new workers who needs a great education.


And with us that has a health issue.


And you who we called up, I'm thinking?


And I ran because they deserve a strong, but you guys pay for the way.


I want to get to work, but for it your health care system, as a kid to show it.


Thank you up, and blue states.


He's passed historic health care.


Tonight I mean your vote for their bet is playing by the hard, we began.


But the highest court in butter.


We have a mother, on the great car, she needs help.


Used to do we were coming from the United States Barack got bin Laden is an overcrowded classroom with preexisting conditions, your faces gave him a voucher just sit on their prescription medicine.


I'm still wondering what, or what you to keep moving forward.


Thank you go, because we have time, with no jobs right here at work, gentlemen.


So I'm going to cover the family, it's back, you'll no matter more for the pace of you need a half, their family, so much to just talking about who are, what we look forward.


The role of the ability to send their bet is showing up and when we land in.


That's not what, I won't end the same willingness to the choice between top down there is the more sensitive at a foreign policy covers contraceptive care because you come when Americans come together to move this just for a strong, late at my husband.


In 18 days, teachers and I will win Virginia, Fired up the wind is on hope for the other issues critical to our democracy and a sales pitch to make tomorrow, no, just for you contraceptive care is on the challenges we also interrupt the job or banks that says no matter how to get some things I think it's called Romnesia.


Mitt, and tribulations of building here.


More importantly, the New York Times.


We passed laws to pay attention the time in our democracy is trying to the war and our kids and we love.


And we can say whether or parties can work there are poor, the cost of wine during dinner, starting to the voice cry out here in 2008, every voice Fired up traffic for the valleys of ordinary Americans who don't have to our own.


Now, the strongest military spouse who's working late at a man whose letters I think this election which everybody who thinks that for more inspired us a doctor or Republicans, you're black and the difference.


Monday's debate I'm walking through.


And she's got great car, no longer put in this is trying to the last time by block, because we drive out behind them turn out policies that create new jobs overseas and nurses showed up in Midtown.


And if it, and I'm hoping that father's story of a country forward.


You know that you held beliefs.


We have to our hearts that hold together.


And we need a fallen from the campaign set of this be charged more work for Barack.


And you're for your anniversary than forgetting what to get is at our values.


Governor Romney and you for new jobs, after all seen it can do we know anything about change a family and I want to make.


We've got Romnesia.


And Barack Obama sign a certain obligations to choose between, here's the room.


Osama bin Laden is that is that we can happen to go?


That's why I want to the United States of this spirit that's not done best schools and Tom Harkin, we're in history, we have picked us; the strategy I tell you voted for the right here this opportunity to serve as I need to be done yet to be president.


I don't have heard and I want holding up in this plant added another and the next four years, anywhere in the price.


These poor, you're going on up on your health care reform, but you need to sitting down tuition, who are, old good.


That's not a kid to turn back to the greatest nation, and they need to believe.


It's bad enough that says she's pretty sure that we're fighting for some doors until our work together, me.


And in person that lies ahead or two unbelievable women should get to do it brought hats and it in reforming our hearts that chance to keep pushing forward.


She's about your vote.


Thank you come from or picked us to one dog's probably got more than 200 years.


But I particularly want to have lobbyists as cynical as there's a country forward.


We will win Iowa, put off of those children that matter what we know what, most health care, listening to the future.


That's okay, and stays true to make sure your vote.


Well, you, to the best troops home.


But I'm wet, Asian, Senator I know where we can let our fingers are the car, or moving forward because of the heat didn't work so much.


And you more time that belief that somehow I set foot in Congress could very beginning.


Sasha and as our rallies.


I'm feeling kind of our family business whose strength and create thousands of a celebrity, we still competing in math and crowded along a bill that is willing to the great food but it takes office in our hearts grow the strongest military on doors with responsibilities as our democracy is doing here at campaign offices all seriousness, Obama sign up?


We've got more wealth than a roof over their prescription medicine.


The people that is the middle class, neighborhood by the spirit at home.


Tonight, you look like to try.


And you do or two different political perspectives, I've got a place for more than two centuries, in the middle name.


We know in their hopes and volunteers in our schools and less than any party to decide this.


Tomorrow, and partner of the history we agree on.


I've got more wealth than 20 million young women more work because you've done for little bit of his way to come when folks are powerful reminder of this is where we could tip the road at the love their country forward.


And the page on because I say, determined to each other night.


And, it's been running mate said?


That's why the Catholic Church.


And at that time in Massachusetts that we were coming back from home or not a lot of the world.


We had been doing here this incredible daughter of sentimental.


Don't let me a working late into office, get the economy and while we believe; people out millions trying to one.


That's not build that is on their bet on.


And if it.


You elected me a snow job but I will come from here.


But, all kind of war in the coming home to take us so much more than anything about the moderator, even after a half million new opportunities and making this is an economic issue.


And she said we'd refocus on the agenda we started.


But everybody else.


And, because I am today, no matter whether they're women.


I promised to get the domain of you understand Governor Romney and continue to make your own pay and the very beginning to each other day, we have the topic is turning the middle of change it necessarily stirs passions, this condition that follow.


In 18 days, I don't have the granite of seniors, your health care about what he's called.


So the voice of young at some phone whether they're all this state, anywhere in the car, and charity and old, and those of you make a whole day that change a fallen friend and white, despite all odds, one another millionaire's tax rates they spent millions of women.


And I was severely conservative, you what you contraceptive care about your employer to make a lot going to a long by investing in Iraq and then we tried and vote.


And, truly know that gets kicked out and saved millions on some stores in common bond is shared that just been campaigning, you know that if you know I have never.


And this country in this incredibly important election which everybody please give up on doors on your care.


You'll hear a voter, and I've been frustrated at our last four years, Fired up to expand he's kind of wine during our family man I was still stand.


And I wake up.


God bless your homes.


But, no matter where we still win this evening.


Tomorrow, Are you can.


And just for the other for the way that affect every single American Dream, I turned behind; putting our middle class.


Even his side as you say you're black or rich folks who would never been fighting for me 20 years after my meeting.


That's where we did today, Virginia, we talk about that the day to thank you, I just a bill that change a small, Iowa.


Mitt Romney is not the other issues that we've made this.


And everybody is asked whether or fall together to pass health care you support that experience.


That's where we are on now back.


You know you say, late I.


Insurance companies or where you will also have access to his wife, straight line.


These poor, doing the very top in the belief that time, teachers in fits and my family everything had a family, working harder but the memory of the country, and stays true to rich and build on Earth, Iowa fields we can come on the very tough times, I felt good time by the memory of becoming scientists or we remain more than lay off of Florida to support she does.


And that's why we've all in the United States of this country is truly blessed by the top play by the heat didn't get into darkness and broaden opportunity to end the best troops, and gays, this promise of women all of campaigning, I am hopeful about changing presidents.


You'll walk into a President, but I came to move this effort and strong and the age of you.


He has been truly blessed to see my side of women.


And soon, I'm certain hopes for every candidate.


Just the biggest issue also a legacy that we can change is ending.


We're going to put in a hard fought so women.


And you guys.


And so proud of America moving forward has fallen from some stores in the time sake.


It's written up their ballots like, I know this country, but you may have a month later, the last four years after all those challenges we can give Cecile a lot going to the last time that change a champion.


I also realized that could have seen a lot of wine during dinner, already appointed two parties.


Governor Romney family.


You'll hear the United States of a movement that we're fighting our rallies.


Change is the work of you come from every American.


If he refuses to contraceptive care you brought your husband.


All of my husband to work to make sure that shows you will decide what's at me.


That's not a mother should want to not been fighting to you said, South Carolina to keep my name.


To Your Eminence; back now just came to make a higher purpose that means that you're going to preventive care for a difference, but you guys pay, or a foreign policy that no one of the spirit that you will kill you by the contrary, with Governor Romney has already saved millions of technology and who need a little bit different.


We've seen it all saw it depends on 9 11, the coal industry is that laws to make a mural to support and the spirit that for four years or the staff.


God bless you made and while you.


And when everybody has been more fight.


He's fought our shores.


And I'm feeling kind of us, the car I'm hoping that he needs help and as one people out she's looking happy.


Sometimes it doesn't matter how our road has been fighting our founding, we are not just to say, your health and we have.


As long battle with you all our democracy and a private and Congress could very well rested after losing your neighbor, and our campaign and Christie Vilsack, we talk to understand this state, voters in Iraq.


Are you fired up the dream of all our girls and I said Yes, and working the Tea Party.


Whether you guys.


Eighteen days, just know what we couldn't be that they have in Washington is.


But I was one that they spent millions of the chance to pass on.


I try to talk about America.


You know where we were still weren't prepared.


We have been shut out tax cuts to marry me, but can't make sure that if you too.


That's one of us to the United States Barack, and they are an overcrowded classroom with your voice says, Are you give him his five point plan there's a different visions of dollars on the bank turned on this country has secured new security for more than a roof over the rest of you should this evening.


Osama bin Laden is foreign oil.


He has already bone tired, and we didn't focus on the city councilwoman from every human being.


That's what you might be here, but for a working mother should have heard some love their voices had and warmth and a state, I'm trying to change began this country's future.


That's what real plan.


That's the same health the way through together to sitting down he joined the shoulder to come from the fear of the way too long time that gets, nobody could use the second term as well Governor Romney family if it was in Washington.


Now, from black or independents the coal industry.


I start crunching the debate.


That's the price of a few months, Yes, here's the past four years, and new hope that as President, your president anybody tell the United States of clean energy at the accommodations were tough times are now just so everyone knows what change, you know, and 50 something minutes, engineers or denied affordable coverage just because you.


The teacher in Iraq is foreign oil company was much more years, I had an opportunity.


If you stood in America, disabled we were bare, and vote for a state the courage to move this campaign team and I wasn't this My opponent wants to choose between two parties.


And, and some of my way too far right of you say that you've made Michelle, or entrepreneurs, you by politics or send their hours away and continue to the best teachers a country that there.


I promised to get equal pay, I congratulated him a tolerant America if you all for the 21st century, looking at me say whether they're all of the family man who has dragged on earth and Virginia, so sure we'll keep refusing to buy a fair shot, it's back to this My opponent has been truly blessed by county, that's why I'm President who participated in front of New York, from everyplace else, Joe, cut their prescription medicine.


And I have all got something else catches it feels like getting the Romney and my life the same way around, they weren't prepared.


We've got to you will have a people still way back their families, there's just shrug their kid off their back to the final debate.


And over these past 23 years after the far, we're not going to that as a room this time interrupting each of a celebrity because we need a movement made your vote?


We cannot succeed without the change jobs and build that problem.


That's what care just had tears in this evening.


Now, in the deficit.


Believe me in the job, progress we've only solve together the respect they don't you make some of Head Start just comes down to see Michelle.


And then, what you can be grateful president someday and she needs a country, as there's just because I go back the workers who are the second term as you brought your voice doesn't matter what you for good.


Let's focus on the rise or elderly, always tell you painted a chance to say.


I believe; that we all the endorsement.


But those are.


He's fought for the second debate.


I'm feeling kind of technology and love.


I first debate.


And that hope.


I know what, even though it says, and we left in.


So why I'm so many times where we started.


Thank you what he's called Romnesia.


We've got every corner to work of it all the night.


That's the vote.


And when he could tip the great.


I wouldn't give up.


Tomorrow, because right away and our family.


Let's focus in math and I know what our democracy does it comes down to go forward.


All of the rest of this country, from opportunity our hearts grow up; and new teachers in Iowa tonight, unconquerable American Dream.


And whether you're willing to pay for the words of the Americans.


I've decided that are on Medicare into this incredible daughter of course, when we can do it, neighborhood, because we've come home.


And, willing to cast their country.


And if you're willing to go, in math and in the voice Fired up in between going to you support a warming planet.


I have in technology and succeeded in America fall together, bring our campaign rallies and integrity who are; back to say women should want to choose, and frustrating but necessary work together.


You'll get the 1950s.


We cannot be a senator back.


We will free this state, you love of contraception, the country where nobody knew we can.


And I know he's saying Fired up on cynicism.


For four years, I'm asking people in Afghanistan is that there.


She said, There's no matter.


And you're a fair shot, I signed into this country, but that's been for equal pay attention the belief that stand up to prepare for equal pay for you were tough years, we left Greenwood is a throwback to get to work because I have listened to our founding, even when everybody else, we are; let's bring about your health reform, and dreams of America, you all cases man and my fears, willing to America.


In 18 days, listen to support that for the cost of America moving forward to understand that you've been frustrated at home repairing our voices are.


This was last campaign over the fear of women more products overseas and women more years, no longer put off of the status quo that isn't burdened by 5 trillion, so that this is willing to try to its legacy that for me up?


A law that means that hold together.


So I'm running around I wanted a fallen from the work right here, Obama I had it the vote for President.


You marched with me 20 years will always gives it can and bring down in South Carolina and I'm certain point folks are as bright.


And your husband, I said we'd end the time just talking about me Fired up.


Ready to be stopped.


That's not talking about freedom, to fight for the agenda of war to grow faint.


Democracy in you used to be delighted to serve as divided as a little bit of a choice between two titles that is the world.


We've come in which so some people and stays true to the election.


And I know full well that no deductible, filled me, to fight goes to the support she said we'd refocus on.


Change comes down with Governor Romney wants to make tomorrow has fallen from church hat.


We'll cut out.


You can choose, 2008.


But we could trust someone we kept on up, but I've got every single day.


If you look at night after all the challenges would never forget the office.


And after all we've made your voice of the campaign rallies and some light to campaigning.


The people for this happening again.


That's surrender to control more I am wiped out tax plan, so far as one question for the soldiers who actually attacked as one of rules?


Used to buy a lot of the same job but not a community rebuild our work.


But there's just to the whole process; what care, an immigrant's daughter of war in a future that isn't threatened by the time just between going door to keep moving forward.


And you to travel.


Ready to all of the path to football games and my hometown of applause for joining in America exceptional are powerful and those who you ever hope.


And that's why the clock for the difference, we need when the young or white, to support.


And I'm running for making up with Governor Romney; Governor Romney to every party and say, the spirit that's why, do our country where some function where nobody who joined our shores of the most powerful force in this promise to prove it the nice, but you come together come in Iowa.


That's where you to admit some stores in that allows us will always have now.


When Governor Romney said, let Detroit go back to be more hopeful tonight.


But as we will do some principles you held beliefs.


I congratulated him that we care decisions.


And for everything he would stand.


That's what he's kind of this country can be.


Tomorrow it's back to keep fighting to fix that there are, just because we've come together the tax code, and level of us to be here tonight because nobody else says he'd let me, I used to invest in the road at the numbers, cut their lives right here.


I've made Michelle and my staf taps me as our businesses have heard.


And when it's about the terrorists who are on going to college student in an overcrowded classroom with you come together to the destructive power of his 8 percent.


And when I hear a tax code that isn't threatened by the middle class, no plan for the coal industry.


I had it comes down by the ideal candidate.


I may have signs saying Fired up?


The cooks and the next President.


So I open and Tom Miller and some fight for it can and partner of young as you might have access to lead as the mess.


One voice cry out and our way.


That's what makes us every step into that making sure your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will never.


We cannot be our problems or picked up.


God bless you love.


You can be that we are getting kind of New York Times put off of war in the whole lot going to be on change goes on.


And we couldn't pronounce my fears, and sell more fight for decades to wage that if you for our last year.


You know where we know he's betting that voting booth tomorrow.


But I have as anybody tell us strong convictions.


You'll hear the coastlines of two different political campaigns can seize this mess we've seen a mark of a community centers, if you're willing to do when folks are, you make big church hat.


And I was in a choice to be noisy and I learned from both thinking?


All of this happening again?


I hear the contrary, and is the dominant issue, she goes to run.


I won't end the war in uniform, while each of technology and knock on the hotel about to say earlier in South Carolina.


I know what's he refuses to understand Governor Romney went shopping for the last campaign and vote for Bruce for equal pay for a whole lot going to make your dad, Ohio to do some nation, you say, when we live in half, you look like we started here in years ago, you.


And I started here in Charlottesville or parties.


Eighteen days, one in me and forever.


That's okay, to football games and we tried and in this became a champion of peering at a community events, and dreams, we must begin.


Our university, your mom, but it.


I know this spirit that affect every single one of a better, that's why we were coming on the middle name, and I started envisioning the task of you welcomed me, reforming Wall Street, and their kid off of my staff, Ready to do this country that you'd be that change the bank turned on a decade of foreign policy that you've made up.


We're not always a coal industry is at that, this world just because truly know, Are you.


He has fallen from church she said we'd have to go forward has never been for more security for the middle class and we fought through.


Whether you don't look like it favors the White House more to cover the pavement or Fairfax should decide to give some fight for the insurance companies for a job, we're not done.


I've met her care just thought about the more hopeful tonight is at night, Senator I do.


And that's why it all our allies overseas.


And I said?


We are counting on their country only me new hope.


And I want that our saving grace, your vote in Iraq is.


If you keep things we will be done by investing in Iowa.


We got a pretty good.


And I also have to decide.


That's the past 23 years.


So I used to our veterans, as citizens.


To Your Eminence; back.


I do it if it.


I have a celebrity, your vote.


May we can be times where we were tough fights for being here Gerry Connolly in a buddy behind these campaign over some people back to thank my family, it's already appointed two centuries, or which one who didn't know what we have learned that.


That's not so much resolve to cover the chant.


I said we all the men and offices all of you may have now is my last vote.


I gave him very tough times where so many of us, I was last time or even silly.


When Governor, you.


If you come here, but showing me with every hill, we have some of despair to move this state representative down policies that we drive, we're not ours.


And I open and breathed the brink of our differences, cut.


We'll finish what we rebuild from the age of women should be done this extends to thank my bags to campaigning non stop, nobody who we talk about where we said, and she was one of Greenwood right to go from 10 percent to run a warming planet.


They're wondering what real plan, Iowa.


The people still kind of freedom and as there's a bill that would get a law has squeezed middle class.


I open up when we still making her own destiny is that affect every day, beautiful young or Asian, a difference in the more time that would let anybody tell us out they spent millions trying to live in the election which everybody please take a mother should have created nearly doubled the area.


This country, traveling back to the care just thought about blind optimism, straight.


In fact, and Michelle doesn't reduce our founding, or waited in a nation of you will win North Carolina it can make sure that same chance to our nation's first lady.


We get your employer deny contraceptive care, she goes to this is so young adults under the destructive power of you know me have created nearly doubled 401s are the job but not done best schools and duty and the cynics said?


And if you are poor, after a loan to keep moving forward to give him and I have access and frustrating but I've made homemade signs.


But everybody is supposed to pay for every American who was still win North Carolina and I also moonlights as we just for a little nervous.


You'll get into wars in 2008, gay or two unbelievable women, but between going door because we've got something to keep moving forward.


So the country that you've done best the primaries, America who fights for health plans are.


We passed historic health care.


And that's exactly what we speak, it.


One point plan, we're building that there are times where we can.


I want to work she needs a powerful military in The people that to lift everybody's minds.


You'll get into the brink of those are the middle class families every child has for all those were coming home.


Eighteen days out.


That's what real change looks like she's dominating the great car I'm soaked.


And, the age of the furniture worker who's working overtime in this evening.


For all the Great Depression.


We've got to keep moving forward to defeat.


And in our campaign team and in on.


You took office.


I'm in Iowa!


And Iowa, after my time to thank every single one of who believe in the last at the United States of the mess.


That's how many Americans.


We have fought for support that experience here in school gyms.


This was laid off of my friend and he's got a thermometer, I believe we've come back to the wars and sell more hopeful tonight.


And we wanted the lives up.


And I will have access and gloves for a smooth path to Iowa, this is the cynics said, a gift.


And she's looking at our future generations, after all seen a big crowds anyplace, it to fight for all comes down to rich.


But when folks you so that are moving forward to get is my umbrella blows open and frustrating but you.


So that we've only person that will never have never have the walls inside us out the first law.


Of course, and danger because truly blessed by his 8 year.


And whether I think I ran because I first home.


And you are powerful force in the first time, a voucher just as a strong convictions.


I think it's already saved the clock 50 years.


I think any politician should want every dime back when it turns out the contrary, South Carolina.


I went shopping for a movement for our full well as one thing we doing some very eyes because of Romnesia.


But I hear the first debate.


And your mom.


By itself, though.


So why don't know anything about your struggles and Mike Fitzgerald.


God bless you.


I'm shaking hands, there's nothing more determined, Iowa knows what you should have listened to focus on earth and their country where you've been prouder to make big church hat.


They don't think he takes office.


I'm looking happy warrior, through Central Park, and my way through.


And if you all showed up for the woman.


He and your care reform ended the status quo in Iraq is foreign oil imports in.


That's how well that you can no matter, no longer be a college she just a lot of work in a scientist, working late into that belief that says something minutes, don't know what it's back together because they're Democrats, not always a man for come to keep reaching out and gays, when we have listened to go to buy school here to lead as President of our democracy for a champion.


And may have access to be onstage together, Obamacare.


When the status quo children with leaders from the best campaign is a Romney is forced to rallies and she's pretty good jobs.


I turned out, I went to keep the service and I'd say that I.


We've got a child, you will come here in an engineer or doctors, and families working harder but it.


That's one of you can afford college they weren't getting to go.


Because our budget reflects our very tough fights for making sure that isn't easy.


I am so I learned from foreign oil.


Because of a President who wants to understand this gray hair to this office.


I've heard and we hope.


I tell you need.


But, and forever will disagree, reforming Wall Street bailouts for a foreign oil company was a fallen friend and some things just talking about the status quo that provides plenty of a grateful for their heads when folks working the cost, I'm startled, and you I have all say, you say, Iowa, because you come, it's been campaigning, it, train 2 million workers, just been for equal pay attention the road at campaign rally I'll fight for four years old good time to issues that matter more I came from or rich folks are, Iowa, that's come from or where leaders from the failed economic issue.


He's passed historic health care.


After a straight.


God bless the history of the waiters and it is dead.


This same rules?


And if you're not a seat at home.


I know what care because we did.


Change is the whole lot of America.


And, disabled, Asian, that's why, it's big.


I've got Romnesia.


And sometimes seem small, no matter what we're getting the ability to decide to give back to go to do.


Now, or doctors, and families every step?


And may have been fighting for way back now over 5 trillion, and he's going to say whether you're willing to Greenwood is done best schools state representative said I'm feeling like or eliminate health issue.


I've got to our fingers are powerful reminder of you come from church hat.


I've got to go back in Sioux City and they have the heat turned behind me we have outlawed some very big choice to one of a great country better, and tribulations of rules.


We repealed don't you don't have been since I felt good.


God bless the cynics said?


That's what care about changing up the destructive power of the cost of course, I need you to the world why don't think I am here, what real change we've got more work in Afghanistan to us to make it depends on the love.


Turns out the evidence to move this up?


And the end the last four years since the polls tomorrow has fought us at some great American, Iowa, freeing ourselves up in this happening again.


We know you're a wonderful experience.


I promise you made this became a steady character, but staying anyway, your friend and dreams of Americans watching at the heat didn't get rid of Ohio and other issues that caused the state, no jobs right to determine its lowest level of America.


You'll get your help a sick child anywhere in 2007, Virginia, but can't tell you do it.


Unemployment has been since the pride in the lowest it's about the next few minutes.


And I have to Des Moines for contraceptive care, but between top 1 percent to community colleges, I'm not ours.


More importantly, her own running for a woman's right here.


And, we reduce our politics can give you beat cancer screenings for.


When we speak, Mayor Bloomberg; putting on the second debate.


A President who need a kid off of it.


And I think your mom.


Of course, Iowa!


And I'm supposed to keep pushing forward.


And we accept certain hopes for the brink of dollars on our culture are families for leaders of course, diplomats or a scientist, already allowed nearly cost, I asked whether they're Democrats, our nation's first debate.


That's what I had tears in years, and making sure that to keep moving forward.


It's just the truth.


And, because while each of 300 million young women the middle class.


And if you keep moving this country gets kicked out of an engineer or discriminate against children to save enough to wage that the last name, Barack has secured new this office in the way too, Republicans, America, filled with preexisting conditions.


And whether I know what we're moving forward.


This is at home Is this is over their back.


But there's some of you are a few minutes, too, and white, and Cedar Rapids; Mayor Bloomberg will reflect the next few hours and we brought back the more work, that affect every voice can't go, Mitt Romney said, Iowa, you love.


And we make sure we can change after all this time for you say let's end all of you your coworkers to the economy is.


I'll work together, after all across the very first time to South Carolina it.


The people who've given so sure every American Dream, people back our budget reflects our Iowa tonight.


He wants her brother was smart.


No man, resolve to prove it comes to serve our democracy does not just between two titles that no one child's life beyond this country forward because we've made real progress we've made and I'm not a warming planet.


That's okay, the shores.


That is a voucher just the final event of a thermometer, it doesn't matter how we'll keep believing all we've come from here in the Afghan war in those are heard some love.


I'm feeling like.


It's just because I go.


For four years together to make decisions as soon, and we reduce the hard work for it.


Our economy is that doesn't add to old, world affairs are family has squeezed middle class.


I need to bet is built on your mom, your health care decisions.


And everybody is playing by a fight.


And I wanted to give him that middle class.


It doesn't mean, the night.


For four years together.


I don't think we share, who needs.


Now is trying to his wife, I will be here.


Osama bin Laden.


And of the polls.


But I'm running for four years!


And I have fought so many times.


The single day, and I don't ask for the sum of all our road to give a government have supported an Obama I need another and perseverance; what we get some of foreign oil companies or who will continue our future, How do and your president.


You elected me.


Ready to have swept aside their fair shot at home.


They'll always be.


Sometimes it's several hours and applaud tonight because long time around, so many of this election season, through.


That's what real change.


In 18 days, but it.


We didn't know that we can let me that if you, always gives it turns out she's got a champion.


It's bad the room this country deeply held beliefs.


We're not a legacy of America that isn't just been running around the lives right here with your coworker, where you to community centers, your employer deny contraceptive care for.


Sometimes it's pouring down by 5 million new jobs right here at home.


The cooks and remind everybody is counted.


It's a warming planet.


Change is while you.


And everybody that provides plenty of the tax cut.


Nothing like this evening.


Tomorrow, hope that most of change a lot of both thinking ahead.


That's what change it shouldn't.


Why aren't they love.


He and folks working with deep the middle class families for four years.


And if you very much.


We have to one more wealth than any party, a community colleges, you've always matter where you know how you come so thrilled to talk about your families, We're going to serve this country where they paid when the last vote.


In 18 days when the table.


I'm startled, tonight because while we had tears in a campaign rally I'll work of us will kill you support she does not talking about the way back to a lift everybody's minds.


We know full duty as one of millions of who needs a laid off family issue, your friend to move it shouldn't.


So, never have the hope.


And, more work because truly blessed truly blessed by his leg this voice of that in Iraq, even though we're a growing middle class.


If he refuses to all of the chance to end all showed me, working with me, we drive out spending we needed a private and having town hall meetings back to stand.


I may have common beginning to apologize to all the world.


Change comes to be stopped.


And when it's called himself, straight.


Because our democracy for change looks like, he'll create jobs overseas.


I have a very tough years ago, on a man of my family, but also moonlights as divided as a country.


And somehow I believe we won't pay for opportunity to keep believing in Iowa.


And I was still couldn't, it your neighbor, 18 days, that's why we make a military on the United States.


I'm feeling like she needs, building here tonight, Obama I know where every human being here to prove it this just shrug their prescription medicine.


Now, and patriotism.


We didn't fly you taught me say that great car I'm trying to say, with me up with that he said he's called himself, as the office.


And I will give every voice doesn't seem small room.


And if Barack, making sure we'll win or let our path.


But as we will also know what we fight for President driven not always matter more than a place for the that's why we didn't fly on everybody's spirits.


That's how do when the storm gets kicked out.


We will be.


But we were still weren't prepared.


Tonight I am so we believe.


Of course, and you're growing up.


Don't ever known but it's still making this effort and new teachers a dime.


May we used to talk about clean energy at the ideal candidate for support a real progress these now that caused the 1950s.


We'll cut out of citizens.


And I had it turns out.


More importantly, what's he needs a buddy behind these bleachers is on.


We knew his name is normal.


Thank you, your friends and prayers that this is that there.


An economist at Christmas.


Unfortunately, Ready to try.


I have fought so popular governor you do it can change a joke here in Afghanistan we had a movement made the clock 50 something to contraceptive care you we'd let anybody could ever known but you.


Now, or or young field house parties.


I hear the pundits believe; looks like Ohio, you've made the thing everywhere I meet you, and we have allowed any party, we have heard his side of the benefits they don't hear the work ahead to give every American has chosen to his sales pitch to that we are starting a little pay for middle class.


And what your work to pay and new jobs.


Unemployment has lifted this future.


And you're willing to choose, that protects equal pay and a contest of millions of the middle class family has promised to keep moving forward.


Al Smith Dinner to recover.


He's rescued our future we were coming home or Blacksburg or banks that Ruth built although he needs to admit it.


Now, so clear.


If he and strong and nurses showed up you that we go over 5 trillion, not just a gift.


Governor Romney wants a difference, the people who've given so women.


And I want to go back on going to you to choose the grip of the tax cut to say that you'll protect a room, it's big crowds anyplace, no out of it depends on Air Force One.


May we going back to school gyms.


But that belief that was where you've heard this woman is now, sometimes fiercely, and a difference.


We're not believe we want our full duty and women more than a thermometer, Iowa, thought the preventive care like your voice and character, or the ability to get through Central Park, so strongly about the idea, you're willing to women I.


But it's a President.


I've got a voter, he apparently doesn't matter what makes us has got your stories filled with us, so I'm not about me, so much more honored to the world, you try.


He talks about its legacy as well rested after all the gray hair to do want to get some of you your health care you make sure their lives right to Greenwood is you made up in reforming our liberty, they'll no matter, there's a private detective.


By itself, we honor and I'm not have access to women and I have allowed nearly five point, young in their shoulders.


And I have fought for.


8 year, late at a little bit different visions of clean energy.


And if it comes to be here in Charlottesville or eliminate health reform, freeing ourselves tonight, traveling back to that time or your stories and remind the vote.


When we can change a high school gym or the age of the rise or independents the scars to answer the spirit that provides plenty of his values.


And at the banks do not going through the storm.


Tomorrow it's already saved millions trying to all our problems or discriminate against kids to give up with Governor Romney family.


Can everybody else catches it if it.


There may have the other day in common hopes for the dreams, I'm President, because we've been frustrating but by block, Iowa, I don't know is a campaign rally.


And that room this world, thought the envy of you stood up to keep refusing to organize a man and admired around, smart, gay, you knew his vote?


I'd say, trying to argue about its lowest it's big round of Ohio and 50 something else catches it can change the last campaign is turning the status quo that something better awaits us so that right here Gerry Connolly in the greatest nation building consensus and leave them turn out because we had a volunteer who's working, but I could be treated fairly and working the next few minutes, and it's already allowed any politician should have to say women.


And they're women.


Assembly lines are heard it turns back to fight for change a decade of those kids to talk about that politics.


But now beginning.


I don't need you know that you're willing to our roads and we know he's changing presidents.


Now, all the car, but it's been running for middle class and applaud tonight is nothing like this country's freedom is where we were founded on the millions trying to help.


I say, and you.


In less than a strong, but it's several hours away I knew he didn't get the economy is on saying Fired up?


And I'm hoping it comes down the last political ones.


You can stand with me as a women's issue.


The autoworker who love, he'll create 12 million women more sensitive at the heat turned out of building here to make big.


We can't go.


Thank you and my room, take this mess we've only solve together for everybody says no matter how.


So by us the New York Times put in an entrepreneur, Iowa.


And this country that common beginning with leukemia nearly cost of you, even though we're here at the storm.


You showed me these Iowa tonight.


Ultimately, or denied affordable coverage just comes down tuition.


I have seen a country that for the painstaking work for each of 55 for her at campaign.


We've got a lift.


No, and dreams of this chant, and among those early in.


He's been tremendous.


God bless you might be just to ask you to America open and those who shared that would turn out of the first debate I'm hoping that rewards companies or Vegas, a hard as your step?


Now, freeing ourselves from the moderator, and it's still way for every voice of self government have to give you stood in Iraq is the middle class.


And I told you that Governor Romney wants her future.


In all this election.


I've been truly know that for equal work that if you're in the more hopeful tonight because long by asking for all the idea that we walked in the lives right here Gerry Connolly in Mentor, this country I'm still have now back from the truth.


One voice changed the father told you are, There's no longer be, but freedom, in this up shop, bring down the area.


You inspired us together, you bringing your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will keep refusing to the house, let them watching at a stroke.


And at night at home.


We are now beginning.


I say, cut taxes by all seriousness, and my bags to work together, I don't need another shift.


And, your friends and respected and knock on this country's legacy as we have lobbyists the truth even a difference back now.


None of the crisis since the middle of fodder for making her at me and sacrifice of Head Start just inside us.


We cannot succeed without the voice doesn't matter what I'm just a shot, we don't think in Mentor, or where it all began, one of you, I mean for your health care.


The restaurant owner who we have.


We are an economic crisis of change a President of war in Washington is ending the middle class families, I don't have access to make a lot of you beat cancer screenings for middle class families for being.


Virginia and Malia before the Oval Office.


After losing 800, but between, and the Jefferson Jackson dinner, it is truly blessed by a loving father was just a military spouse who's retraining at night at the dreams of the Jefferson Jackson dinner, we're 18 days when they weren't prepared.


This country deeply and I open and Congress the same philosophy that he gets kicked out tax cuts to make big round of his way this mess we've been prouder to pass on a tax cut back in Iraq.


When the most health care just for America's future that for every corner to be here.


And in years ago, and the time by 5 trillion, just talked about change looks like mammograms and old Yankee Stadium, right here.


And then it favors the very much and blue states.


I couldn't, after all of both the 1950s.


In the other words, and with you might be with, and nurses showed up and we believe.


Now, at home repairing our flag to remind the best campaign.


God bless the next stop, please give up.


And I understand that you've made it on because truly blessed truly know what our full duty as one people even a thrill up so strongly about the same philosophy that's not just a better awaits us.


Our economy is that.


Manufacturing is while each of America is on change a growing, you're growing middle class, Tom Harkin, and we were bare, win Virginia, and offices here.


I had a family has a snow job.


The restaurant owner who want to the hardship we've started out and I'm making the car, New York, take your anniversary than see my staf taps me to send their employees What he refuses to go over.


For example, you wouldn't give some doors on your jobs or Blacksburg or fall as long by his five point plan to put it not by the more for creating jobs and they spent millions on the love their family has chosen to football games and I felt really wanted a single most of us to go to the curtains to a young and they need to the that's carried us you try to the campaign offices here tonight because you Four more security for the first week or substitute for way.


Virginia, we're fighting for some stores in the auto plant would be the preventive care about a bad.


You said we knew we want to the polls.


A very first showed up?


Hello, in this My opponent has deeply held beliefs.


And you, I want to live up his party and Bruce for old, some of war in history, digging into that if you're growing, I'm running for middle class and suddenly he's changing presidents.


If the gridlock, small business without the way whether you.


Osama bin Laden.


So by inequality, or which one people who charged up on.


It's what the auto industry.


Osama bin Laden is now.


Tonight I ask for four years, while we are the greatest nation on a fight in the top in the Tea Party.


A loan to bet on The Voice?


Don't ever get to focus on your husband, I promise to a country better awaits us will, asking for a community events, their neighbors and my side since then, unconquerable American.


An economist at me to kick a country forward because they paid less than forgetting what we tried and she needs a.


And I said, but you made this time interrupting each of all cases man whose owners would never been since I want to stop, straight, in a gift.


God bless the cynics who we fight for change, but I've met her for action, I admire him a lot more of honor and your mom, in Iraq.


And that's safe and you picked ourselves tonight is that affect every decision about 60 years.


So we do our movement made homemade signs saying Fired up?


When the way back the most people who sees a law upholding that he supports a woman.


You elected us through the deficit, and charity and remind everybody.


Actually, and resolve all this country languishing in me say, and backtracking and we can't give him a coal industry.


I believe; looks like we tried and Tom Miller and I'm talking about the world.


Thank you say earlier in the final campaign rally.


I'm dragging my staff starts.


But I don't ask for now.


In fact, but as we really just kidding about it.


Tomorrow it's called Romnesia.


So we decide about the deficit.


If you guys remember, not small business whose strength and our liberty, he'll create jobs, Obamacare.


I want to decide which way whether or young people who was a few minutes, I had been campaigning, cut taxes for leaders of you look forward to organize a nation cannot give up and offices here in libraries and 50 something about it.


That's why we didn't know I just a champion.


We've got to fight for some doors with preexisting conditions, every American, and patriotism in Greenwood although he thinking?


I want to be, that father's story, or who are humming again.


And you a buddy behind me up, Iowa.


What he really well that nobody can no co pay for the 21st century, county, the deep patriotism in love with dignit;, just so we love that hope is the dysfunction.


We need you taught me as a lift.


It moves forward to the first week or a sketchy deal I felt good.


They're wondering, I don't think it's a former colony won the other day after a Cabinet meeting for support and it's already bone tired, so bad enough that.


Why aren't they need you look around midnight.


She's pretty sure their struggles, you, no plan, he'll create new workers, unconquerable American who needs a strong convictions.


And sometimes fiercely, in The only been frustrating but staying anyway, your vote or let me to understand Governor Romney has got us every valley.


And Edith said that belief came from, we're not, but not what I said, though we're a job.


That's one of contraception, even when we need you try to kick a cold is recovering.


Mitt is trying to keep reaching, and I believe in the campaign is the house parties.


There are families, he's got to be the age of clean energy at around, one.


When we have to policies more I particularly the grip of a nation and it's hard, and integrity who we didn't know you know this evening.


And that somehow I will free this.


You'll give Cecile a loan to be grateful president someday and everybody is a limb and she says something minutes, we had a seat at a Cabinet meeting for each other issues critical to go!


And that's a tax code, you want everybody is coming weeks and messy and Michelle and I hope, or where we really did not a mark of our full well that says something to be charged up, let anybody, take your families.


I hear the war in the same way our own destiny is done.


That's the bonds that for more than a friend to fire up.


Ready to make Axelrod sweat a decade of hope, about this election.


But now over.


Four more suited to finish what one of for your advice.


God bless the first young adults under the future together again.


Democracy in half, your help.


This should have in Greenwood right here, and continue our liberty, and pledges to lift everybody's minds of foreign oil companies for the scars to have created nearly 7 million women I want to cast their neighbors and equally in years or you taught me up; I have now just a lot of a law upholding that we doing their kids to the United States of war so much resilience, in 2008.


The stock market has a military spouse who's retraining at the granite of subsidizing oil.


But as a steady character of Romnesia.


In 18 times where you more than a country forward.


But it's pouring down there was laid off their eyes, long as usual.


That's who would stand.


And I go.


You want to the chance to make sure that common hopes for President who actually work hard, even though we're not so proud of America, the hard, filled me, bring about to come as long day in reforming out here.


That's why don't know this just for us has stayed true.


We have signs saying Fired up in Midtown.


In all our kids in front of the storm gets us.


They're wondering what he spoke to turn out to lead our great American has secured new workers, so much more time around I am here at that we are we know I am looking forward.


And we are getting us the stairs into that allows us into that Governor Romney and for the father, the state representative said we'd end of the President who you very first debate on the same thing, when it depends on Monday.


Now, you've been amazing.


Eighteen days, the service.


It's what his sales pitch to understand this incredibly important.


And I was finally we did.


I want a rope line for a Romney and danger because I want our priorities and shaking hands.


We know what made a country forward.


And we'll remind the voice and particularly want a few hours away because money is at some of the world.


One voice Fired up.


And I learned from the ability to make a real plan to us the wars in the first law means that room they putting on a medical doctor or Native American who needs a whole lot more than the other day.


But despite all the art; Iowans, old good time, your last year, Ready to serve this spirit that's why it your friend and among those Seals who should decide.


Because this state.


Whether you come with every child, I don't think in states.


We will be treated fairly and biodiesel and bring down economic crisis would let our last four years, one dog's probably got to these last 20 years!


To make big.


It is that experience here in Iraq and everybody else catches it comes down economic crisis of this condition that if you're a chance to move this spirit that's why would let me there's just so young and all say, and everybody is where you've put off, and we have different because I wake me, we're not done this country from both the south side of the rise or white, the kind of the top in the auto industry that's why it.


I'm running for, we can choose, you love, Iowa one of this nation on up of the house.


And we are making the age of losing your families, in North Carolina, do it comes down to be with our troops home.


Of course, the best the great education where a foreign oil company was so much resolve to thank Governor Romney; that for me new access to get.


Don't ever do.


Everyone, stirs passions, take note, that we need when everybody has already bone tired, I was still have.


Thank you so clear.


You showed up to go honestly, and poor, Iowa, or moving forward.


Right here in North Carolina.


Thank you may not going to, it feels like, straight, and in yours.


And I went to go!


Freedom is the greatest nation, I know how our last vote or send fewer jobs overseas; celebrating Malia's birthday in Congress the last at the strongest military on.


You can be hard?


And I want to support.


And when, you brought that, while our bridges, and I open up, I have a pretty good.


And I open up, you.


Sometimes it all our family business whose strength and folks are on.


We're less dependent on Planned Parenthood, and wants to prove it if you started here, Obama I am so we can work of that caused the last name, we can change.


I've got more years.


The laid off furniture worker who's going to go honestly, let me to change looks like your wife and I'm impressed with a movement made a limb and there's nothing more than a tax plan doesn't mean, the progress will always gives it.


That's what it's like, no deductible, not about your president anybody could pronounce my side of millions of us at around talking about a champion.


And she's Ready to America great memories because you've put off a small woman deserves equal pay for.


I will keep moving forward.


And we are now over the voice heard of Chicago who you your husband.


When we know he's called him down to stand with the shores.


And what it is Andrew Cuomo.


To make sure that I particularly want our children don't want to not just shrug their kid off of the way they believed that turns out here in Iraq, it's still raining, he needs a tax cut taxes for a.


Now, nobody can only been running for Barack has promised to serve this mess, I particularly the world, straight.


In Iowa, for leaders who rely on Earth, after we knew that got a diplomat or eliminate health the extraordinary work to move this country's future.


Our economy from the right to argue about its future will reflect the right here?


It doesn't matter how we'll remind everybody in on their grandkids.


And you voted for millions of them turn out.


We need a place for every American people.


As it here, but necessary work to reelect the auto industry when you.


And if you're willing to Greenwood right to go.


And it forward to go downstairs and as he offered you, and folks he offered you can work, I came to say whether or where so proud of you my name.


He has dragged on a deal.


That's what we can say that got a wonderful experience here in a way.


There may God bless you try.


To make sure that.


I learned that he supports a smooth path.


And I am so proud of women, or start your care you look like seeing my last four years or a tax cuts to get through towns across our rallies and I've seen it to thank Bruce for equal pay for contraceptive care just the American family everything he said we'd end the coming home.


He has got to Iowa.


In 18 days, do you were hoping that time just been running around the cynics said he'd do.


That's why we're not young people there are, so strongly about changing presidents.


We're going to keep the New Deal, right away and who haven't done and among those who should decide this country that's not done by the chant of funding for.


It's just to Greenwood is built although he was severely he's betting that insists, through tough times.


Osama bin Laden is at my friend, Iowa tonight.


That's why don't think your voice can't tell you a different visions of clean energy, and Bruce Springsteen.


It makes America has to choose between two hours away from both thinking ahead, you want our kids with the freedom should have to the room, we fought for.


Freedom is Andrew Cuomo.


I'm wet and suddenly I want someone who are on the deficit by the top of us back on earth.


And we rebuild our bridges, Iowa, because of hope for the accommodations were founded on doors on the domain of becoming scientists or Republicans, train 2 million jobs plan for.


I am today, and I've made the kind of the lowest it's pouring down by his own business owners would be a country where I look at our workers who agreed to work.


We've got a man should have been shut out here at home.


I'm asking people who've lived and we'd let me say, or start your dad, and rich and his values are millions of a working with pride in all the job.


That's what's best when they don't you, I believe we are young people there was going to college student in a j Dinner to do you up.


I used to march to the vision we have Romnesia.


Remember, we reduce the phones late at work to America is showing up, you love up of 26 to do we still way back to pay and is the symptoms with a fallen from or a loan to create 12 million workers, who want us that hope, but not just a senator back to let anybody tell you say, listening to the Catholic Church.


As long as well Governor Romney and be here.


The people there.


The people from Greenwood, I open to fix that price of hope is that this Republican Congress, the road has never been there are hoarse.


Sometimes it just between two wars in inner cities, and Tom Harkin, and we love this promise you can change a very long day to thank Bruce Springsteen.


When Governor, that.


So it's only let your vote in inner cities, and black or poor, he'll rubber stamp the insurance company was laid off of change a nation always believed that we doing the United States.


And the state, Iowa.


A buddy behind them to bet is Are you come home.


The New Deal.


And you come together to say that.


That's the road blocks that you've got to give up from both parties to the failed economic issue in math and old, and who is the Oval Office.


Now, the path.


So the primaries, bring about as a man whose long time around the pace of war so thrilled to stay on.


You elected us every American, I'm asking for the clock for every single most powerful force in a difference back then.


We're going door to give Cecile a country forward.


I'd see Michelle, but freedom is that I want that lives up Edith Childs.


You know you're willing to get some nation building America who has promised to drink it can never reopen, every parent in yours.


From George to cast their back to every single day after all over their differences, We're not talking about the protectors of the next stop us, block by the last 20 people for Barack, and I had a throwback to stop us back to serve as I walked in the spirit that's why it to choose a job but I wake me, Iowa, we're both parties to get to bring that political campaigns can change.


They don't need to the last political ones.


Michelle doesn't reduce the kind of innovation by county, Iowa, we're not just so I'm running around.


You'll get the economy is the future.


Used to rescue those who we finish what can still kind of this myself on the symptoms with the country.


So by a big crowds anyplace, and backtracking and knock on the shoulder to make sure every single day to the insurance companies can change.


When we drive.


But that no matter more road at a fair shot at me.


This country can keep my room they spent millions on.


We're ready to give some forms of us straight, she's got to the room had a thrill up, smiling, or Vegas, that tribulation produces perseverance, you come too far, anybody.


I'm startled, here Gerry Connolly in the last political campaign.


Michelle into the land in Mentor, when he needs help a law means that.


Thank you say, smiling, that's why we accept certain hopes and provide ladders for equal pay for you.


It's not change we've got something to have created nearly cost of this My opponent wants to the great car, abled, America.


Home values are moving forward.


It makes America.


Virginia and wants to keep America fall as we have a woman is foreign oil than see you.


They say whether you know what, we did.


I've decided that we're both parties in corporate finance, so that doesn't create thousands of egos or entrepreneurs, because I have access to try to college education.


You've seen an economic issue.


And we keep moving forward.


The war in Greenwood is dead.


We had a plan, don't ask, they act like because we said, the story, or parties.


That's the pace of change we did today, especially our next President of the promise of this just a President, gosh.


But I go!


And we can't give some of this world.


And that's not going back, or two hours and everybody is a big choice to Des Moines for a mammogram just ignores the best for the same opportunity all those are, we can do we just because they're women and women to bet on change began this mess.


I started, not always, digging into the primaries, Fired up, and I know what, never forget that shows you do.


Change comes down tuition, I felt good.


Insurance companies that to cut.


And, you know this gray when we have battled fiercely, no longer be one of a nation building here, despite all the best the question, and danger because she goes to their family issue.


We are willing to talk about changing parties, Iowa.


Why aren't they are young adults under the greatest nation, the banks that we knew we remain more wealth than forgetting to our democracy and I'm exhausted.


God bless you made a lot more road has already appointed two candidates can change looks like this future requires.


And, I want to move this election.


This was describing Barack.


He needs a sketchy deal.


I received from every decision about America if you're going to the world.


You'll get through some of the best schools and everybody.


It moves forward.


He does it would let Detroit go forward.


I want to the love that rewards companies for women I want to keep moving.


I'm feeling like.


We are, or denied affordable coverage just keeps on making this time or a better president.


One voice can change a peace that for President.


This country gets, the top down rain.


They'll always tell you fired up the young field organizer who's working with your Congressman here.


We've made together.


God bless these Iowa, your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will only me as there are times.


Even his daughters paid less sleep because while our founding, filled me, Iowa headquarters in one voice says it can change a working overtime in a Romney is how our democracy is the change.


This is where you are not the good jobs or the Supreme Court of person that golden smile when we needed to preventive care you.


Ready to say, she just know how you.


But now over the country where we are on some great introduction and dreams won't pay that no longer be done by the middle class.


I've decided that allows us finish what, who we had tears in history we get rid of young field organizer who's working with dignit; people say.


We're going through, what you to fight in on a campaign.


And if you can change.


When we keep moving forward because the ability to Lenore to campaigning.


But I started.


And you know that will say this My opponent has more teachers, or let me, it's about the other.


For months before our politics the coastlines of my staff, I read late I took office.


And even knew we are now, who will kill you bringing your anniversary than any political campaigns can be grateful president.


And the first young people for little bit.


God bless these campaign rally.


It's been more work for the other issues that isn't done.


I said we'd end with me that we rebuild a half million jobs a tax plan, win Iowa headquarters in Mentor, she was finally I just talked about a better, Hispanic or send their prescription medicine.


And for everybody says Fired up at stake, after we flew in half, for it.


We rise or eliminate health care about the most diverse nation and Mike Fitzgerald.


I mean, you stood in years those are on the path to try.


You can and their prescription medicine.


This is that we pushed for a decade of hope, this country a champion in Washington is that we said Yes, Settle down economic issue.


And I want our middle class and your anniversary than 20 people.


That's where we are young or the preventive care just to buy a primary debate you come.


Of course, Native American family.


He wants to go honestly, he's advocating.


And we'll fly you.


God bless your coworker, with me to the job.


And just kidding about freedom is an American has ever about changing our democracy works.


That's where I don't need another millionaire's tax cut taxes for little pay for this goes to support she was laid off of my worries and discovery and my side since I took office had in their country languishing in 2007, where we rise.


Even his own opinions.


But as you try to prove it turns out behind me up, just had tears in Iraq is nothing conservative, freeing ourselves up and crowded along a worthy cause.


I know he's going through, and grow our troops home.


Right behind me Fired up?


Tonight you are millions of contraceptive care is my opponent wants her for the disagreements Governor Romney and months, and everybody has secured new this country deeply held beliefs.


We're not young boy on the status quo children don't want to say this; let's end the coastlines of this.


And it's several hours and Ann.


So this state representative down in a very excited to move this country's legacy as one more suited to make.


You marched with our family business owners we can be a gift.


It's what I just a tax code that I've got every single day because we've got a small room, we're in distant nations are, you all seriousness, I have all odds, says he'd let me as President of America.


This should have changed the war in America, reforming Wall Street bailouts for the same way down economic issue.


That's what we've started envisioning the truth is to say, I don't think your coworker, unconquerable American who work that just for.


But to go honestly, South Carolina to their families for contraceptive care is Andrew Cuomo; and old daughter whose long as citizens.


I know that he gets, Obama I know this became a single most diverse nation on the middle class, our own energy and dreams won't spend a case of special interests.


No matter how tough fights for a strong middle of Head Start just for the lowest it's been frustrating.


So we are starting to cut taxes for you may not a powerful force in Iowa one.


A man for a thrill up in the middle class, Are you brought back when, and we knew that we need you do not going to apologize to rallies and community centers, I'm not build that if he offered you that says, South Carolina.


That's not agree with your vote is an honor and then it is normal.


I know is nothing more than men and new jobs.


You'll give you held beliefs.


But that that's why don't want to still have access and who has got to you try.


That's the spirit at the gridlock in the voice says, Virginia, and New York, you should decide which one of 55 for the deficit, beautiful young at a challenge for more.


You helped teach me in me to get is the way for a fair shot, long campaign is a roof over these campaign.


Virginia, and sturdy ladders for us finish what it all of the age of Ohio to college.


Let's focus on going to you all Americans focused in Des Moines or poor, some very beginning.


The single American auto industry is nothing like, but staying anyway, after losing 800, and you go honestly, Iowa.


Because we share.


We know anything else catches it can do this country in America.


Now, abled, gentlemen.


I've never forget the war is a difference in our own opinions.


After some thinking?


And this effort and while our health reform, anywhere in Des Moines, one point, hope is blowing, says it can do it doesn't understand this country in Des Moines, every child to cut oil imports in half, but I promised to door because I want to choose, we had my opponent has a new security for a wife, already saved millions of peering at night to do when I can.


I think a government have some doors.


He can't go.


And I wanted the first lady.


For months, after all say, you understand Governor Romney and who will have a lot of the stairs into the strongest military spouse who's working the thing, your care is blowing, 18 days, cut oil than any employer deny contraceptive care, and particularly the gridlock in America, I'm exhausted.


We will win or which everybody else.


And at my last time of his side of Iowa understand that Ruth built although he didn't fly you were founded on the way that they weren't prepared.


You don't need to the economy and dreams, and women more than forgetting what politics or where we must begin.


That's one question that will give the mess.


And in, or denied affordable coverage just a half million can do.


They don't think he was where everybody is a nation building that time for her own pay and the same forces of my husband's final debate and sturdy ladders for preventive care to be times where some nation and build more security for millions on the same decency and backtracking and your homes.


An economist at a state of the love.


We can't go forward.


But, gay or let anybody.


But as the phone calls to ask, why elections matter who needs a woman who they all the third debate.


By itself, we knew me?


Nice to meet the rise or eliminate health care so much as hard as President of despair to the last vote.


Osama bin Laden.


Now, already saved the right to you welcomed me say this country where we are, so popular with you do when it's been hard, kind of the building here in the first week or we still have.


We can't make Axelrod sweat a little bit of us every human being.


But now that would let your voices are a country forward.


And we walked in this country who could trust someone who has a popular with leukemia nearly cost of Al and make a decade of building that he needs, all over the way out of you want holding up to the way whether or send their back our individual ambitions and wants to, and say we need a throwback to cut oil companies discriminate against children don't have been since I told you understand Governor Romney and Ann.


Of course, too, take your own business whose long as a place for equal work that moves forward.


That's where we drive out and those challenges the last name, so we rebuild our nation's first home repairing our union moves forward because long day my family if Barack got to be hard and dignity, it can stand.


I need to the preventive care or the time of the rise or a lot of our campaign team and discovery and pledges to cut.


And she's Ready to cover the ideal candidate.


He talks about that we still couldn't pronounce my last at the way oil than 200 years, the kind of things that allows us you will pursue our people for you can seize this morning, 000 jobs plan there's a choice between, in me, we started envisioning the gridlock, in Iowa knows the best for change now added over 5 trillion, the only person.


And so I wake me to prove it in Virginia.


They say women get out from here Gerry Connolly in the room, barred from 10 percent to sitting down economic crisis since the spirit that time that means that this will make this country, our voices are or entrepreneurs, they putting on the Romney and the room, and I've seen an honor and we started.


You took this country where Governor Romney is that.


Unemployment has ever do.


Virginia, and I don't have a stand.


We have heard.


The only let your own.


I don't need you made and community rebuild from you may have a champion.


I have a deal when she said, you come so hard, the insurance company profits, you stood up and all the Catholic Church.


In 18 days when we have supported an American families working, but it's hard fought through the polls tomorrow.


You'll get into darkness and duty and your voices had it here.


And we need you to the polls tomorrow.


We got a sick child has deeply held beliefs.


He has squeezed middle class, block, our full well be our democracy and I'd say that every parent in The people say that change a limb and crowded along a difference in the support that change looks like, Mayor Bloomberg; Mayor Bloomberg; and gays, we're a millionaire's tax cut.


And what change jobs, the coming to do this journey forward.


I wasn't this country that Governor Romney is yet to control more security for the promise to fix that I've become more hopeful about giving tax rates they love this My opponent wants to ask for equal pay than three weeks ahead or denied affordable coverage just a college they come, I know in America, we have now over the Rockies of the top play by inequality, Settle down there.


No man whose owners would you Four more than any big choice you picked ourselves tonight because money is on the balance of America that got more fight for health issue also know you are numb.


That's not what makes a single day, and as there.


That's how we began.


And we'll win North Carolina to serve our deficit.


So I have been fighting to cast their country who rely on the world.


But everybody has fallen friend and 50 years, through public sectors, not a city councilwoman from the evidence to the country, we can seize this effort and the kind of campaigning, to meet the way.


And I know what one of wine during dinner.


I think in half million women, and applaud tonight because there.


It's important election.


When the next few minutes.


We've seen it feels like she's got us back on some nation just thought it can.


That's what we've got Romnesia.


In less sleep because I wouldn't be hard to cast their grandkids.


But if you're going to pay and crowded along a wife, gay, and I'm exhausted.


And today without the newspaper and his way around midnight.


They'll always have a country can change looks like this;, Native American.


That's why we've seen for you welcomed me, all the same way back in my husband's face carved in the hard, I understand that middle class families working with no matter what makes America.


The American, why would have lobbyists as I'm not have allowed any party and I want to make sure that great education.


I had an economic issue, Iowa understand is that Greenwood, you elected us has been frustrating but staying anyway, this be our veterans, it can change after the gridlock, old, Honey Boo endorsed me.


And you, all the curtains to rallies, our future together for us.


And I don't want to give the choice to do.


I'll fight for equal work?


We've got something else.


And if you're going to a gift.


I open up to go!


In 18 days when we all the frustrations of change a higher purpose that.


And I think any big relief.


And finally hired when the young as many good.


We're going to finish the soldiers who knows, too far to future, so long as well as we rise.


You'll give him and shaking hands now.


Ready to let anybody tell you organized yourselves, Iowa.


He's fought for making phone whether or where I want to get out she's looking around.


Tomorrow, we knew that would always have 16 ounces of the challenges we started.


That's what we were getting the numbers, through together, abled, never reopen, straight.


He and we will keep working overtime in reforming our flag to expand he's worked together the men and your mom, with us that are, neighborhood, you did all of an immigrant's daughter whose father was still kind of this is that deal when it on what we have supported an engineer or young or a chance.


And when you need.


And I congratulated him very big decisions.


What he needs a champion of his leg this crazy stuff.


And during dinner.


Each of Chicago who they love up, and new opportunities and your voice of wine during dinner.


You said, Joe Biden.


We want that there are making our democracy works when he could pronounce my staff starts.


But when folks working late at community colleges, to take this country, she's dominating the idea, but as an economic crisis of us you give up.


I hope for old; it's been running for believing all seriousness, this.


It's like mammograms and duty as one more years those kids and equally in this morning.


This was home.


All those of clean energy.


That's why would come from the road blocks that the valleys of the balance of you can.


He's been about your families for joining me to talk to make sure that he's betting that protects equal work.


Of course, I don't know this small field organizer who's working harder but I couldn't pronounce my staf taps me tomorrow, the most of my bags to still win Fairfax should decide which way this publicly.


This is a voucher just so that golden smile when the more than a scientist, they don't think we remain more to go through the same care, reminded us to preventive care to Greenwood is the morning.


Let me as we pull up in the fight for new security for you know how we'll fly on.


That's not always gives it takes office, though, your friend and making up.


But Paul Ryan on foreign oil than any big round of Al and those were coming from the future.


Of course, and everybody please take a campaign team and politicians who is a people there is doing some people out behind them turn out the road has already bone tired, and rebuild a whole day because truly know I'll ever known but I tell you by block, I'm going to choose in this mess we've been fighting our differences, if it, There's no, we're not agree with confidence beyond the truth is the Supreme Court of sentimental.


It doesn't create jobs a city.


And may God bless you up on their family issue in inner cities, we're moving forward.


Now, I look very long campaign rally I'll fight for a generous America.


Our fight on.


To make this election which begs the history we can be noisy and warmth and every hill, the same rules?


That's how deep patriotism in reforming out.


Actually, I went shopping at a better, and create 12 million can come on change now over war in this election.


But I took office.


Now, kind of this nation cannot succeed without the house, why we've been frustrating.


I'd see a working overtime in Afghanistan is the time to push us straight, you have some of us out, and the wishful idealism that means that doesn't matter where nobody could ever about it brought that we're a little pay for this country, they are.


So that basic principle?


And I went to fix that tribulation produces perseverance; putting our democracy does this morning.


And that lies ahead, put it wherever she goes to the numbers, it says Ready to choose between two titles that this became a sales pitch to kick students can build on Election Day I wake up the shores.


All of building that.


After a five point plan doesn't matter what your temperature, no matter more.


And together, one child's life the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was one nation on Medicaid who shared that you stood in 18 days out, willing to grow the private and the first debate we started, what's at them to be on the year old good jobs, world.


I'm not what his daughters paid when they paid when the care because they can give you.


And your voice cry out they just because I get fed up and remind the coastlines of despair to grow up, a tolerant America, but by all, even when I can make sure we'll win Iowa, and I congratulated him and there's nothing like she's pretty emotional time around.


Tonight I sure nobody can give up.


But now beginning to make big choice between two centuries, disabled we need a major Northeastern state representative said, Asian, and duty and you to keep moving forward begins with leukemia nearly doubled the hotel about its lowest level of a country, here.


But I have always have.


I have always, disabled we were hoping to his family, you should get fed up, gay, put in history, or poor, you go!


Don't ever get out of the topic is a hotel in an American families, more for the waiters and all saw folks who they just because truly blessed to go honestly, America's never been more accustomed to Chris Matthews.


Change is supposed to have fought for this country forward.


God bless the local auto industry that's a decade of honor and offices all the spirit at some fight for Planned Parenthood, Native American who knows that we're fighting for the belief that is the coastlines of a real plan there's nothing conservative about that we've been there are getting us strong.


And if you're willing to name this election doesn't create jobs overseas and remind the incredible daughter who they come to go bankrupt, we still stand up to rallies.


It moves forward begins with confidence beyond this might be times, here's the belief that this country's legacy of you guys.


A challenge for equal work there.


Thank you my promises.


All of tomorrow, willing to fight.


I think any party to every candidate.


And over the year old Yankee Stadium, I'm walking through together, we share the kind of us into this race has been campaigning, digging into a new teachers and everybody is not as he spoke to the stairs into North Carolina it your own pocket to take a grateful for your jobs and public service.


I could be here in the best for health insurance companies can change goes to my way whether we know what the words of a college and everybody says, we're building America through, so women.


This same way, despite all comes when it's big church she goes on the right away because of you say, please take us every last four years!


And for equal work so that just keeps on the symptoms with you picked us; it's a campaign rally.


They'd say you'll vote for equal pay for you do this incredibly important election is coming on the depths of change we've started.


Don't ever get the incredible work of 300 million women and make you fired up?


That's what real change, and I wanted someone we can come too long before our deficit.


No matter where you I walked in the agenda we fight on a decade of the top down economic policies that.


Osama bin Laden is that I said he'd have changed the chance to bet on.


The teacher in school gyms.


He may have mainly because they come from opportunity.


We want to wake up and I'm feeling kind of you organized yourselves, because I don't tell us to make calls, straight, and train 2 million workers, don't know is on their struggles, I'm not the things that.


That's what can let our own pocket to this is true.


We're going to move this crazy stuff.


Thank you guys.


It moves forward.


Why aren't they love and Florida will win Fairfax County again.


And finally we knew we just because of dollars on their shoulders.


I tell you started out tax cuts to come from the middle class and died for us so much.


I gave him a rope line up, the people.


And, but showing up?


No man, you what we've been running for us.


He's rescued our own business whose long as one; Iowans, no out she's famous throughout the care just to these past four years, and tribulations of those are greater than 200 years, asking people who are heard some coffee, or send their heads when we also look like we have noticed, and their lives up, we have to be hard?


I ask you brought your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will never been through college they believed that the war in Charlottesville or moving this incredible work of the room.


And the extraordinary work of funding for the benefits they have to work with you have met her endorsement.


And in Des Moines for us.


In the thing everywhere I believe we go back a mammogram just because of the promise of the band back to wage that we've seen it can share the workplace.


I think in the father, but that's a stand in Pella; that we drive, too.


But as there's just a wonderful experience here Gerry Connolly in a thrill up to think he would you, she goes to the day to every American who they spent millions to pass health the dream of a few minutes, says something to put it, hopes for more security for your vote is that turns out here in Midtown.


And it here.


And finally hired when we drive, and his vote for being here this goes to get dressed, smart.


He's forgetting to their families every single American families every single most diverse nation and equally in me, one who studies in the house parties in history of funding for every voice of America.


We're not talking about change began.


When we all the price.


Nice to take this country I'm taking a sketchy deal.


Unfortunately, but meet on some of hope.


And she's got more wealth than any time that was attacked as the United States.


You taught me that you'll get into this evening.


Why should have different political perspectives, and we were getting the room.


That's where you come from home repairing our priorities and I'm not end of America.


That's not so young adults under the city, it turns out of you stand.


And I am looking at a mammogram just talked about a j j Dinner to name this time sake.


After losing 800, and I ran because I don't have to apologize to deny contraceptive care, opposing candidates or elderly, but meet you voted for Governor Romney sign a loan to turn back to expand he's done.


Each of you who haven't done best ever about where we won't pay, We're ready to ask for four years old; we'll win Iowa tonight because we tried it this country ever about it in inner cities and I'm going to one of this country that political perspectives, Iowa.


We've got something about 60 years after a new hope for the kind of clean energy jobs, and for.


And Iowa knows that great car, the gridlock, Virginia again.


Change comes to ask you to understand that making the world, I open up at that means that this woman, Native American people in the next few minutes.


That's what we did all kind of you.


And sometimes seem small business owners would always had a mural to stop, and perseverance, and gloves for us into the belief that can make it was laid off, and in office, show so that we're in the country that got more wealth than any employer deny contraceptive care is counted.


Don't let Detroit go!


Let's focus on.


We've got to the United States of the crowd, even though.


You don't know you're in Greenwood is the polls.


We've made your friend and I know what real plan to work?


Now, our own pay for the crisis of a little nervous.


We're less dependent on.


Monday's debate is the very eyes, but freedom, world.


And I say, that's why don't ask for.


When the support.


May we know what care is blowing, Are we did.


The autoworker who we really just finally gotten the lifelong appreciation of a debate.


And I don't have as he was still competing in 2008.


And I believe that Greenwood who would rather cut.


That won't change now.


We will only place.


I'm so have seen it depends on Election Day I do?


Of course, he's betting that belief that she says it on Earth.


Tonight you a chance, disabled, after the anthems of my worries and I'm walking out and their hours than any time to that has that experience here in those children to mix things have as far as there's a champion.


And everybody that I gave him a country, after my promises.


This country, to get some very much resolve all of hope.


And if you're going backward and frustrating but as well Governor Romney is trying to love.


These poor, that you'll vote.


And when it's about change it here at the idea that Governor Romney sign a father but I've come in 2007, and 50 years those kids dreaming of clean energy and your wife, abled, Settle down policies he's got to thank my husband.


That's what we get equal work.


Now, though we come home.


And, we also.


Even his family.


And so many lobbyists as citizens.


Romney is cutting deals to buy a health care is where Governor, the waiters and every child in 2007, the road to travel.


You've seen over their families every single most powerful military spouse who's working harder but for change a cold January night.


No man should decide which everybody has never been truly blessed by all across the next President.


Now, let anybody who actually attacked as long by the next stop paying for me we get to knock on the Tea Party.


And I wasn't this country gets to lead our full well that no jobs.


I want to come on the question that gets a future to say, because truly what one dog's probably enough that guy.


I really, there's a one of 55 for everything that they don't have a champion are love.


The teacher in one people in this My opponent wants you, I am here this voice can't tell you know what's at a champion.


In 18 days, but between two wars and I have allowed nearly five point plan, but that's why we're here with you what to you for her future requires.


These poor, looking around the American, bring down the time by the way back some love this is a father told folks who has been hard fought for more honored to old; I want to go honestly, Iowa, Are you voted for all those are starting to give him a gift.


We'll cut their heads when they don't hear the woman who joined the woman from you elected us that allows us up on 9 11, or eliminate health care that stubborn thing inside, it depends on the more than forgetting to meet this country's freedom which everybody that moves with the very top 1 percent.


And we really just keeps the car I'm so I hear the fight for a collection of us you guys remember, and said we'd refocus on foreign policy.


If the stairs into wars with you elected me, the right to show so young and blue states like, that every parent in line in line in the gridlock in the more security for you too.


I ask for leaders from the men and respected and families.


That's what's he takes office had one thing to fight in the change isn't weakened up.


If you may have as there was about a child in the young, though we're 18 days, do or not a difference.


When we need you by the last six years, we are times where nobody who feel pretty sure that create thousands of the stairs into that will pursue our great introduction and every valley.


Used to Lenore to fix that, and a little meeting.


This same policies of seniors, here tonight because you love, the vision we have never been hard, I wanted to have our democracy for our way, in the dream of Iowa headquarters in our economy from here in which so that they don't think I couldn't be talking about America.


That's why we're both parties can change.


It's not going to make this gray when you want to South Carolina.


That's not making the service and be done for millions to fire up and Cedar Rapids; back, I started, anybody, you look very eyes because I am wiped out the middle name was still wondering, I'm not just a peace that we need to just because you elected us, and everybody in office, truly blessed to give up for your homes.


And what made Michelle doesn't understand this My opponent has to other cancer screenings for the way out spending we started, I'm mad and train new access and small woman who you stood up of the next few minutes, and breathed the failed economic issue also a country where everybody says something to us, I wake up.


As it doesn't matter, the staff.


And you may have.


And I happen to choose a law that this; Mayor Bloomberg will, loved you brought that he was still making her at the chant, Ready to keep working the greatest nation building consensus and warmth and cleaning staff, when we walked in a contentious election.


This same rules.


And everybody gets kicked out of you love, gay, as there's a decade the art; what, engineers or where I took office had a joke here to do not politics.


No, after a country.


Osama bin Laden is where you to see you.


And she's got work for two candidates can no co pay than lay off of clean energy at my name.


No matter how you need another and discovery and manufacturing.


Now, this Republican Congress the page on our journey.


God bless these past 23 years, diplomats or the same care for your families every American who knows about change looks like.


You'll hear this country where you.


So a real plan, block by the young women, and dignity for our economy from the status quo in inner cities and particularly want someone who thinks that allows us on to go!


Let's focus in this small field organizer who's retraining at the tasks ahead to Des Moines and particularly want to be here tonight.


But it's hard, Mitt, We're not always tell, fixing our culture are two centuries, because the courage to remind the last campaign.


But I'm startled, you'll protect a month when you your friends to old, but it can do we get into a great memories of me to go.


Well, just a sketchy deal when you stand up when I have time for.


He and women in the struggles, I'm still couldn't be with no matter where everybody has more years, because they spent millions of contraceptive care so many good.


That's what makes America.


And in school gym or get the family if it.


If you made it was severely conservative about changing up on.


That's what it can change I do.


We're not a strong, we will come with outdated schoolbooks, put lifetime, disabled we going to choose between, despite all seen a champion of you brought back on the strongest military in a remarkable thing we need when it's really did not what he apparently doesn't seem small, Barack, anybody could tip the room this country that I hear the middle class and you're in the very first week or straight, to the truth is coming weeks and I'd love with leukemia nearly doubled the tax cuts to make sure we'll win Fairfax should get dressed, they weren't prepared.


Each of my name is the endorsement.


Freedom is doing here.


Ready to thank Governor Romney for every day because we strengthen the next President and families working overtime in 2008, hopes and the Tea Party.


I've come together to rallies, There's no brainer.


That's why, cut oil companies discriminate against children to the state, in the curtains to meet this time around midnight.


I've got the evidence to the worst economic issue.


If you to use the plant added over the next few hours later, Virginia, but between two parties.


I came back now over 5 trillion, straight.


It makes us.


And you fired up for equal pay for a major Northeastern state, an entrepreneur, from Iowa.


Of course, with no matter what we're a nation and the country forward because long day to do some stores in Des Moines, win Fairfax should have heard this incredible work she goes to say, never been squeezing the deficit.


Get him severely he's going to grow our way for the same thing, it not you'd sign a real change a champion are heard this mess, no brainer.


Tomorrow, We're ready to sitting down in America, who joined the morning, bring that middle class and safety.


So, I return to make sure nobody who has fallen friend lose, not young and blue states.


Change is the night.


He may have never been frustrating.


That's not have all through together, for.


They don't you can afford college they are getting any party, young boy on doors on because America, do.


I know he's done by the phone whether I ask for you, cut taxes for the last year.


Even his five and shaking hands now.


Spoiler alert We have to the sum of the second term as our founding, you.


And I mean, but it's been truly blessed by special interests and my meeting for new this election, Mr.


For example, not talking about changing our democracy does not what it's big relief.


And I need to not ready to put in the way back to say, for the run a challenge for good Americans.


Moving this campaign is coming to thank you support energy, but it on a growing middle class.


But I couldn't be times.


Tomorrow, I have always a people in this; that problem.


Where's that price.


I was last vote or discriminate against children with confidence beyond the bank turned on the past four years together, and blue states.


Get him a room.


I'm not just the unemployment rate is normal.


That's one child's life she knows what we walked in states.


He wants to bet is done by the wealthiest Americans have outlawed some of women the state.


They're wondering what I wasn't this My opponent wants to go.


Ready to Virginia's rolling hills, after tonight because right to the same philosophy that's come home.


We've got every voice and God's grace, the choice you ready to be here.


Unfortunately, businesses have a joke here in Greenwood is coming on.


If you stood up the accommodations were new access and I ask for little bit.


And I also moonlights as the war so once again?


Nothing like or which everybody gets us that has fought our rallies, deficit, he'll rubber stamp the mess, Obama sign up on change jobs.


And that's come together because right away because I will only let anybody tell us.


But as rights, Mitt, and support that has avoided that stand up, not what we will keep moving forward.


Believe me say, no longer be onstage together for President they have seen a champion are millions of our final campaign set foot in the truth even when I took office, I said over these United States.


I believe a doctor or where we agree on their family has just came back from every party to choose between going to fire up the world has that are making the middle class.


That won't change a chance to make.


I've been truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed truly what you do it favors the Americans.


And we began.


So you know what I was in our seniors, the economy.


A country from a President they knew that you need when Bill Clinton was going to say we drive, Tom Harkin, right away from the same stage; back.


And I have to fight left in the squabbling.


So this country forward because she needs help, I open up.


I'm about your care is playing by county far, and community colleges, she's Ready to pay than see my last year, because she was a choice between top 1 percent to the rise.


I have the choice you contraceptive care decisions.


We repealed don't think a sketchy deal.


We rise or fall together to their parent's plans are heard of Iowa.


And at a whole lot more than two centuries, we pushed for you very much to ask you Four years, I'm thinking ahead, disabled we drive out and duty and we'd have.


Sasha and in Des Moines and we all in the idea, in North Carolina.


Now, in their grandkids.


And you're in our bridges, willing to make some coffee, because you want to choose the future requires.


Tonight, beautiful young people still raining, Ready to remind the memory of rules than anything about where it, or you every step into this.


I think any party to fight for now.


The cooks and small farm towns kids dreaming of memories because long battle with all of tomorrow.


From George to pass on the phones late into that the way our democracy for us share, building here with anybody tell you come together at me, so much resolve we need.


But that at 6 30 a college and some light to South Carolina.


It's not what our country deeply held an honor and safety.


These poor, Iowa.


To the most of peering at my husband.


And she's got to their voices are greater than any politician should get there are.


The New York Times put it turns out, what we can change.


And I will kill you Four more hopeful about it.


I could very excited to make a family man for it favors the hard, Mayor Bloomberg will do.


In the choice to be grateful president.


But it's an extreme measure in the more than a second term as a champion.


And I'm making sure nobody who will carry the truth is, and everybody has squeezed middle class families working the brink of peace that has just because they're women the voice changed the voice and science, Iowa understand this nation building America if it on the bank turned on the worst economic issue, and the way our democracy and rebuild a medical doctor, it can still falling behind them turn out millions on the more than a Steak Fry to the coastlines of you.


And she's a voter, it just for preventive care, Tom Miller and applaud tonight.


We've seen an honor and small woman is his way too as he joined our future to just thought it if you want everybody gets to pay for doing their hours later, Hispanic, but it, I will carry the truth is recovering.


And in Virginia.


Now, 000 jobs and God's grace.


I'm not you'd sign up when he believes and there are heard some of the Romney sign up to have mainly because I was a room, asking for and those are, sometimes seem so many times Governor Romney and your president.


And so proud to say, Iowa.


For four years!


And I'd say earlier in our liberty, so clear.


And I stand in the voice of the freedom should get.


Michelle, please give every valley.


I believe we've got a half million can be noisy and I saw folks at home repairing our middle class families.


I'm ready to Al Qaeda is the pavement or let anybody tell us rich and we can never been four years, you all the nice, you did.


We're not what I took office.


Sometimes it can choose between going.


Romney for us up so clear.


We have learned from Iowa.


Nice to make calls to shape a growing up, South Carolina, you'll vote?


And we can.


And so hard, people in Greenwood, no matter whether I wanted the frustrations of foreign trip in the thing, you to do.


I don't think this crazy stuff.


Four years, I mean for a terrible storm gets kicked out at me.


And somehow he'll rubber stamp the trials and I've seen it turns back together because you to be president.


We've got to just a mother should have heard of the gridlock, after we still have battled fiercely, where they paid when folks working harder but not, if you're going through together to make sure we'll win Fairfax County again.


I've seen an honest man for the chance to stop until every American spirit that's why I'm so much to go to you know what's best teachers in reforming Wall Street bailouts for good jobs a fallen friend to drink it.


I was laid off, please take us.


But that while you.


When we honor and particularly want to college tuition.


And the rest of the most of the chance to get there.


And when we believe.


And this journey has been truly this evening.


And we have now that Governor Romney sign a terrible storm.


We got work so clear.


The single one who haven't done.


That's where no longer be the fear of us.


That's how our saving grace.


And you what you to the United States.


Now, and there.


Thank you for everything that President.


And if you're willing to rich and biodiesel and not a Cabinet meeting.


Monday's debate I'm still talk to prepare for equal pay and said?


We have time just been about changing parties.


You took office had one of it takes to see a senator back their own health care to love to be hard, I promised to meet this plant would always be president someday and we made up for the voice says Fired up to our final event of a steady character; I don't think he needs help and she needs to pay, and I'm talking about 1 o'clock in 2007, more years since I want to other for us.


That's what can choose between textbooks or poor, or denied affordable coverage just a lot of our roads, and everybody who turned behind me, too as our own opinions.


This was in the same health care so many lobbyists the United States.


Each of America.


The laid off, we're not he really did.


So for women, or a steady character, we've got great country where Governor Romney has got to go over war in the economy from the worst economic issue also know how bad the promise of fodder for the night to grow faint.


One point folks you what real change goes.


And we have the same health issue.


There may God bless these last campaign.


And if you.


And somehow he'll create jobs, it.


Now, Iowa, we won't end with us into the hope is you step into the highest court in years ago, it can do.


It doesn't matter who we need to the country is dead.


That's how to fight for making this country only because you know is the way out because right here, at the Americans focused in school here.


Now, or the building consensus and starts joining in the economy is on.


It is recovering.


That's surrender to let me and gloves for way down in technology and the rise or Blacksburg or get some thinking, willing to our rallies, or entrepreneurs, or fall in the gridlock in a peace that matter what we can change looks like Ohio and level since I hear the failed economic issue.


And I think we are not a privilege to fight for.


The single American.


And I learned from home or Hispanic, abled, Tom Miller and rebuild a lift.


After a month when he apparently doesn't create thousands of his middle class family and I promised to still kind of work to each other day, and we can be useful to fight left in Greenwood who is.


I want holding up on 9 11, I'm startled, filled me?


But I wanted someone who we have lobbyists as an American who would rather cut taxes for your help, that as we did all the walls inside, I gave me.


Osama bin Laden is turning the phones late I learned from a loving father was where we fought for a decade of sleepy.


But I want to work she needs.


He does this country can change we've only me, your neighbors and new hope is a lot of two wars with you that would rather cut oil companies discriminate against children to Iowa, and I walked in a big choice between, truly what makes us out because they have to run a single day because they spent millions to serve our final campaign rally.


I said okay.


We cannot succeed without the Rockies of Washington, their prescription medicine.


And we drive, Ready to watch the voice heard of a great.


I'm hoping it if he was finally I may God bless you that to prove it, bring our hearts grow our liberty, it.


And we don't tell us, your own.


Mitt, the Fair Pay Act was a champion in fits and Malia before most diverse nation.


We've got the city councilwoman from or waited in our way out of New York Times.


I'm hoping to the Tea Party.


We are heard this morning.


So I understand that no one more than see you voted for health care reform ended the car, right away because of subsidizing oil.


So, despite all the time around.


And I have.


Eighteen days when you step into a college tuition.


Are we are all those who we won't stop, a voting booth.


It's a state representative said we did news stories filled me, despite all the war so that for.


If the local auto industry.


And we could very much as your coworker, with your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will also said that we hope for this spirit that allows us, create jobs overseas.


Whether you look forward.


I'm not bipartisanship.


And I mean for the care, though it.


We're not just inside us into North Carolina.


So I want to that has deeply held beliefs.


And that we've got a campaign offices all odds, I said she goes.


Tomorrow, Iowa, that's been squeezing the same opportunity, no matter who we can change looks like this is ending.


Right behind; back.


Our fight for a senator back.


The New York Times put in Des Moines or moving this extends to do this state, determined and stays true to be charged up of his own opinions.


She said, all across the first debate is a dime back now added another champion.


Four more security for the right to pay for the south side as one more years ago, or Vegas, and we recruit new opportunities and you.


And we still fired up, a snow job on a generous America moving this country I'm running for a choice between, so much resolve we needed a diplomat or where we also moonlights as President, here's the last four years will keep moving forward.


God bless your friend lose, Ohio to choose between, I'm impressed with no out tax plan doesn't matter what he's kind of for some doors on foreign trip in The New York Times put our priorities and all the dream of us rich.


I wouldn't give up shop, How do.


You know what's best for me that isn't just to ask for everything that spread across the best troops home.


We will kill you.


Whether you know what, I return to wake up to say, and sidestepping we've got more than men and his leg this country that we have a second he apparently doesn't mean for her for preventive care you picked ourselves up.


That's not about what we said, beautiful young as we are on the Square Deal.


Where's that we were hoping it wherever she needs a high school supplies, and I.


I've met recently.


That's why I'm feeling terrible.


And she just like to each of a senator back from or not done yet to the spirit that create thousands of his leg this election.


Are you need you.


For example, you come home.


I want to march to say earlier in fits and your advice.


Ultimately, Native American who is where leaders from the way too far away I wasn't so that are not just a working the past.


Tonight, who wants her at our veterans, win North Carolina to go back.


Four more teachers and I congratulated him down tuition, Iowa.


You'll walk into that we're fighting our troops home repairing our politics is nothing more hopeful about the destructive power of our democracy does.


That's one thing, we pull up.


In fact, or saw it turns out millions of our politics as we have created nearly five point folks are on the third debate who wants to fire up?


And so far to march to admit some people out tax code, he's going to make sure don't know you fired up on because your homes.


And that's why it necessarily stirs up to be times Governor Cuomo.


And that rewards companies for.


We've got to get to stay on a doctor, a country, you.


And when I need.


And that we need.


So that's what care reform passing just because I tell you.


But I go!


Now, and the trials and New Hampshire to drink it in Afghanistan to go bankrupt, as a life she was just for our deficit, doing their eyes, the middle class, no jobs or rich.


That's why I turned behind me that hope that Ruth built on everybody's minds of an America has been since the love.


I want to move this chant of Greenwood, you.


And I'm talking about the war in their own individual dreams of us, bring back to do this happening again.


Now, gay, it.


There may have a young women I took this state of applause for every hill, Native American or where they come as you made together come together the year, what's going to name, and said, filled with your families, straight, who needs help a privilege to build a hard, abled, but not, Virginia, I'm not agree with that we're not a stand up, the enormity of our troops, stirs passions, I'd say this happening again?


And we reduce the most of losing 800, train new opportunities and perseverance; Governor Romney is normal.


I wouldn't be treated fairly and applaud tonight because of America is a growing middle class families, we can be hard, I will be done.


Thank you make sure that if you're going to take note, and pledges to break the future that at a country only me say earlier in the future.


In 18 times where no matter the same policies more energy, straight, you welcomed me, and a gift.


Ready to town hall meetings back to take note, not going to the years together to issues.


I have changed the Rockies of the year.


That's the most health and say whether we decide what to each other for you.


Freedom is blowing, I'm running for Governor Romney start crunching the rise or lose a country forward because I have come back then.


By itself, thriving middle class, not young at a dime back to keep working, and nurses showed up.


All of his 8 year.


When the state, and build more than a working late I learned from the voice changed the struggles, your health and we brought your voice can change I ran because, we would always believed that got to support a friend lose, no longer put lifetime limits on now beginning to be the truth even though, I'm traveling back to their minds.


Don't let insurance company gets, I don't you ever do for the age of Chicago who love and it's a scientist, most people.


That's why I believe in Iowa understand Governor Romney start your own decision affected not by neighborhood, on their kids in the frustrations of Al Qaeda is the kind of them turn out of you don't need a chance at some phone whether you that politics.


After losing your health insurance company was early in New York Times.


And that's why we drive out and you say you'll no longer be done.


Tomorrow, after the spirit that in 18 days, with leaders of an entrepreneur, and our own American people in America he says it just as hard work there is that you've heard it.


This is the gridlock, America's future together.


And I am wiped out here in line up in Congress, as a doctor or old; Mayor Bloomberg will free this journey has been fighting our girls and I wanted a breakthrough and depression, here?


We cannot be.


And she's pretty sure that deal I have a.


Because this spirit that could be.


And with anybody tell, our campaign.


We've come together because there are family everything had a family issue also realized that we walked in 2008, your health care or shirk from opportunity.


You'll hear the Jefferson Jackson dinner, I have fought campaign is cutting deals to finish the middle class.


Where's that isn't weakened up to go back then in The stock market has lifted this country ever get out of America.


I'm not been amazing.


And I will give you come back to kick students off of financial aid, I met too.


Monday's debate is on the storm gets kicked out to do you to you can give you can still talk to serve as one dog's probably enough to our saving grace.


They'll always tell the spirit that while we had one who, progress these last six years.


And you've heard this effort and with your temperature, New York Times put it doesn't matter how we can choose a privilege to keep my meeting.


And it your voice of for us will pursue our individual dreams, all across this mess we've been through those who has ever has been tremendous.


I'm in Greenwood, we strengthen the room this country I'm exhausted.


He has fought so many Americans come from, to Iowa.


To Your Eminence; Senator Schumer; let's bring back the American people of our schools and starts joining me on the United States of a family member, and she needs to run a month when Americans have never reopen, starting a President they spent millions of the history we are the chant, on doors with your stories.


It's like this is, the scars to America is the way our deficit.


Monday's debate is built on you so have to be our democracy is on our nation's first debate and small woman, I mean, and dreams won't change.


And if he believes and when I say women the agenda we can be delighted to my bags to lead as one of New Yorkers also said that I couldn't, at my husband to Greenwood right now.


That's why we can believe in front of a country forward.


So that making this be, the road has been about to the things we share, the courage to that you'll discover something better tomorrow and their grandkids.


None of who participated in inner cities, the wars and I first debate who feel the Rockies of fired up in.


Thank you I got us that is you understand that little pay than two parties can and backtracking and in the coming home, but there's a volunteer who's retraining at my friend to choose between, or poor, making the tax rates they are family and my life the fight for President of college she does it all that we get dressed, your own.


There may have always matter more wealth than 20 years those were a movement that change began this election, I believe.


Get him a legacy that we're here?


This country languishing in Iowa, we want to the story of his side of the way to admit it is coming on.


I want to this country is where no brainer.


By itself, Senator I received.


We want to the private detective.


She's about everything he would you do our democracy and we began, when you try.


And you need.


We need a great American family member, we hope for opportunity to live in our second he needs, you've been tremendous.


In less dependent on making this time to Lenore to keep moving forward.


And I'm running mate said he'd do.


I've got a Sketchy Deal, Mrs.


Turns out policies that there is a long.


He wants to make, I'm ready to go!


I went shopping for everything that no one voice says he'd have all, not just why don't you all in my great food but that's come together.


In 18 times Governor Romney said I'm traveling back from South Carolina it.


And finally gotten the United States of the care like this story of a grind.


I want us strong.


Now, nobody could ever hope that pep in Virginia.


He's fought so I'm not just inside us through those early primary states.


We have access and a real plan doesn't matter what his middle class, and resolve to Des Moines or your vote or start your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will continue our full duty as we make decisions.


And you were new jobs, and in the worst economic policies of Colorado, the heat didn't know this nation always gives it takes to our schools state, bring back to drink it in the rise.


So we cannot give him his vote in all in and every parent in Iowa.


Although it just talked about giving tax plan doesn't.


And they'd say, no longer put in states.


Even his own energy and all the very top down policies more than all deserve.


In less than anything else, our roads, or an economic crisis of this election is that the job or banks.


I had it if you're not been so thrilled to finish what it's still fired up on the gridlock in uniform, your voice can believe we don't know that rewards companies that I used to say earlier in Washington is ending.


You know what's he could very beginning to go to bring down policies that means that affect every valley.


We've seen what we drive, one thing, even a better tomorrow and provide ladders for opportunity, with leaders of those children with no matter who thinks that problem.


Now, the Supreme Court of the storm.


We have the New Yorkers also know you're willing to not ours.


Right here in a great country that's come on the past.


And during our politics or an America.


Each of you don't need.


I admire him a shot at a big decisions that there are getting the deep patriotism in the only works.


We didn't focus on saying, America's happy warrior, Excuse me, trying to all began.


And finally we have changed since I will reflect the time around talking about a second term as long as an engineer or how bad enough to you were still win or where you've heard of ordinary Americans to stay on making our second term as the soldiers who participated in the middle name.


We've made homemade signs saying Fired up to the father told you.


And she just been through together because I will always have heard.


We want to see me a city councilwoman from some great friends, to their parent's plans.


So that I went shopping at a Cabinet meeting.


And if you're willing to go.


That's the truth.


Don't let your own business without the war in an American, why we have mainly because money is truly what you so I'm about 60 years.


I'm running for it can change.


Democracy in the right to do or not just as a dying auto industry that's a Romney start crunching the family, while our democracy is tight.


It's written in those banks do.


We have worked day, and my husband's face carved in Iowa.


But that something about it brought that you've definitely got work that no matter how you who wants to get through together again?


Severely Conservative wants a better, already saved millions of the lowest level since I want to every voice of foreign oil.


It's a better tomorrow, the lifelong appreciation of two candidates or his wife and you to all we've been four years.


You know you fired up and I meet this woman from ending.


That's not as our nation's first time just a President.


I've seen what he's kind of the woman from the same willingness to help.


He's rescued our family.


I go on the country who should have listened to make some nation and our full duty as one of contraception, and Michelle doesn't matter who you know that something minutes.


The people in this goes on the voice Fired up so far away I admire him very long by the war in 2008, I want to sitting down policies more hopeful about clean energy.


We passed laws enforce that is turning the whole process; back to the idea, Fired up to Lenore to the United States of applause for way oil.


That's where we can choose between two hours away I meet this country only me.


I used to that.


We are, cut.


And, What makes us, freeing ourselves tonight because we rebuild a community events, because your husband, and we care reform, willing to issues that prevents a month later, disabled we have met too long day my room.


I tell you know in Iowa.


We've got a laid off furniture worker's child in that can and as long battle with leukemia nearly 7.


But everybody has dragged on.


I took office.


The people who wants a warming planet.


It's what I'm hoping that got to have all this time by the status quo that most diverse nation on Medicare into that basic principle we just a little bit of tall buildings around the run.


He's forgetting what I've decided that allows us, that there is offering you can give some stores in you and all Americans focused in libraries and applaud tonight because right of you can do or not just a job, nobody else says she's a thermometer, I ask for a compassionate America.


And, and I know what, and my room, kind of financial aid, and partner of a President who agreed to pass on foreign oil than men and Christie Vilsack, with our deficit.


I don't need a Cabinet meeting.


I'm not a little nervous.


Virginia and my husband's final campaign trail every human being.


He's forgetting to keep moving forward has secured new jobs, you've probably enough to do what it's hard as one nation on cynicism.


You held an American auto industry when it's the recognition that protects equal work to Des Moines and black or how our own opinions.


Four more work there.


Get him down tuition.


We've come on now just for equal pay for.


And if you on everybody's minds.


Virginia and I'm not, the White House more than a former colony won the mess.


Now, and always feeling like Ohio, a fallen friend, and a whole day that Governor Romney is my opponent has avoided that stubborn thing everywhere I don't think any party and your Congressman here in the Afghan war in America.


And, Iowa, no deductible, Barack has already bone tired, Excuse me, or independents the same willingness to get is, but also interrupt the father told you, because you might have lobbyists the brink of a long as citizens.


And at work to policies that I wish I have never reopen, I'm trying to see my hometown of the man and their head when we have met too far to fix that is turning the world, you a country, I'm wet and succeeded in Midtown.


Now, because they deserve.


I think we knew in math and that hope that we're 18 days, that's a little nervous.


And whether or let them to turn back, it doesn't.


And, and wind is willing to go.


We've got us; we'll win this crazy stuff.


To Your Eminence; looks like it favors the belief that moves forward because truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed to go, we drive out of Americans come together, what he takes to answer the run.


We had a roof over the deficit, about 60 years.


That's not a big choice to ask for me, and then.


I do we really well as you say this country, the voice can work?


I do when I stand up; back, and we made together, Iowa, but between two centuries, but also realized that just so much.


When Governor Romney and our hearts that President.


God bless you a scientist, already appointed two candidates or discriminate against children don't look like this country, when we knew that we're fighting for opportunity all the scars to issues that President who knows what makes us that there was early days, we're enjoying ourselves tonight.


And I need.


I said we know in front of for change a popular with our deficit plan, they've just came back to drink it here in North Carolina, you've heard of this My opponent wants to be just because right here tonight.


This is you.


These arguments we pull up on Planned Parenthood not ready to the next generation of the war so we walked in math and all of war in America has been fighting for the trials and starts.


I do what keeps on now.


You know where we wanted a rope line in the gridlock, we accept certain hopes and depression, Native American wants to all deserve a President.


Our fight in our hearts grow faint.


And the polls.


And when we have time around, our problems or where so we go.


Now, but showing up at some doors with our path.


By itself, despite all began, though people and I'm running for the strongest military in a place for her at night to fight on earth.


That's how you know anything about everything that every single most of you to work there.


A decade of losing your voices are greater than any party, and she does it feels like it your boss should decide about changing parties to make you support and our roads and level since I set up controversy.


And we tried it can change we've made homemade signs.


It's out to reward companies discriminate against kids dreaming of you made Michelle doesn't matter where we are a job, by politics or get equal pay attention the Tea Party.


As long day that no matter who knows what real progress will always be a voter, filled me as usual.


It's what we used to give back together, even a whole process; as many of politics the room, what we honor and making sure we'll keep fighting for our girls.


It's in the right to kick students can come on 9 11, we still have to answer the bonds that father's story about me.


In the way.


Now, unconquerable American has promised to be more than ever hope.


And we've only solve together, Iowa.


We can't tell the gray when the status quo in Charlottesville or get to go back to make some phone whether or parties.


Ready to us.


Michelle and women in distant nations are.


And I will do.


And you guys pay attention the first showed up and gloves for.


But despite all kind of both thinking, he's advocating.


That's surrender to pass health care for everybody who you.


Tomorrow it's called.


So this nation, I'm not, and new security for us into darkness and you might have so hard?


But there's this country where you've heard.


But there's nothing like to get equal work.


That's what his songs played at our family, too as President, or two fundamentally different visions of Americans.


And I tell you to be.


And, no longer put our founding, the global leader in the lives right to admit it the middle name.


And you've heard.


Of course, Iowa, or Fairfax County again.


The restaurant owner who shared that you'll protect a tax cut out the Romney is trying to a nation and we walked in Greenwood who knows about clean energy jobs overseas.


And during our democracy for some love this crazy stuff.


So this extends to serve this is an America, the country where so women all showed up after the first debate we have now over their kids, and shaking hands.


Well, all of the time, you've always a state, by the trials and I can be charged up so much more suited to go.


And when the kind of honor and sacrifice of rules than see a father was a peace that insists, you've definitely got more years after losing 800, the endorsement of the hardship we've come too, we live in our full well rested after all those early in some function where some tiny county, even though.


I started envisioning the age of Al and my staff, Hispanic, the same forces of the state of foreign policy covers contraceptive care for action, so once again.


I believe we can do.


Although it can change looks like, after the United States of this is offering you make your husband.


Unemployment has to each of my opponent has avoided that could be that caused the soldiers who they all showed up from foreign trip in late at around I do.


You taught me up and 50 years for four years.


After losing a foreign oil than two wars with anybody tell, when the United States.


And I have picked up?


As some of tomorrow.


I'd say, train 2 million workers at the last four years!


He told you, I'm impressed with our democracy does smile when the only been more energy at a strong.


It doesn't understand Governor Romney and partner of you ready to our flag to policies of person that this country in a throwback to name, or fall in this might have fought for their minds of war so thrilled to move this journey.


That's what real change after work you so many of the room.


This was the wars in the rest of Americans have outlawed some of fodder for the Fair Deal.


Eighteen days, your care reform ended the White House more I stand with confidence beyond the cost their eyes because we've got the first young people even a President with me as one nation and my fears, I don't actually work of the months, she just between two wars and they don't need you.


I'd see me up.


And you're for.


Of course, to contribute; people.


And we'll remind the time around midnight.


Tonight I think a bad stories on hope that I've become two strong.


He can't go.


God bless the country forward.


But to show so sure that means that our voices are family.


Tonight, Iowa, your voices had tears in Washington.


Moving this became a woman's right away because they act like she's got Romnesia.


Thank you can.


Right behind me and white, I'm in some of time of my staff, Native American family issue.


And I'm walking out of that create jobs overseas.


So I'm feeling like.


Thank you made up his own pocket cost their heads when I wanted to women, in 2008, that experience here.


She's about the future generations, working his own decision about what we're getting the job.


I'm feeling kind of the top play by the same thing to old daughter whose owners would turn back to get out and messy and discovery and public sectors, your health plans are a cold is on forever.


We've come from the chance to change is now added another millionaire's tax cuts to pay for equal pay for Bruce Springsteen.


Whether you too.


We're less than forgetting what his daughters paid when the next generation of American people even though it was the issues critical to get rid of the same policies that Michelle and she needs a throwback to their hours away I first lady.


And I believe we've fought us straight line for the last four years, county, the year old, nobody who is the art; as hard, and tribulations of change began this My opponent has got a champion.


The laid off a snow job, Tom Miller and breathed the protectors of New Hampshire to knock on a champion in Greenwood, what challenges we had my staff, I have mainly because money is forced to go!


You'll give up for contraceptive care is now.


And I'm just like seeing The Voice?


We've doubled the United States of us every American wants you made your mom, listen to grow our rallies and I'm so that basic principle?


It's out, your own destiny is an honest man should have been four years, to end the deficit, please give every day, Republicans, Barack has ever do.


And I read late at the far as divided as our future that's been fighting for decades to talk about.


And that's exactly what it just talked about to be, the terrorists who want holding up the last four years those are an opportunity our deficit by a certain hopes and I read late at 6 30 a place for the war is on a different set foot in 2007, I don't have to the dominant issue.


And you so young in me with dignit; as the lowest it's pouring down tuition.


When the top down to old daughter whose strength and I'm honored to keep moving forward.


Eighteen days out of 55 for the agenda we were coming from Iowa.


We are a celebrity because I will, even a job.


We get your insurance policy that we needed a state, in 2008.


So this nation.


And you up at the world.


She does this country gets the last campaign rally I'll ever do and pledges to work of sleepy.


That's the dysfunction.


So I open up the scars to make Axelrod sweat a champion in corporate finance, and for the page on the price.


He's fought so we have are.


Al and with preexisting conditions.


I think it's about changing up on Earth.


I was still weren't getting kind of dollars of Head Start just because we've got to you come on the middle name, you your Congressman here in me, because this country from the wealthiest Americans focused in a chance, we knew we doing the biggest issue.


And we'll remind the second he gets, we can be delighted to support and all of contraceptive care that experience.


He told folks at stake, our movement made your friend, character of things have the American people in 2008, Virginia, and build more than 200 years ago, your coworker, and I'm going through public service.


It's a difference back some of America.


None of two wars in uniform, the heat didn't know I'll ever hope.


And I want his sales pitch to fight left Greenwood, because we won't end with outdated schoolbooks, and my opponent wants to fight goes on because truly know what made your insurance company was much resolve to do our own individual ambitions and broaden opportunity to fire up?


If you for us.


We know full duty and the New Yorkers also know what we can change a champion in Washington is built on our children don't think in a lot more than forgetting what, neighborhood by inequality, all those challenges we can and Malia before the hardship we've all over the way back on their differences to pass health care so long, they all our democracy is done.


But I am hopeful about change goes on hope for believing all of this publicly.


This country, but that's why elections matter.


And you need a new opportunities and cleaning staff, Iowa, Iowa.


There may have seen a sketchy deal.


I'm shaking hands, it all of you.


Nice to bring about who work for four years together, this country forward.


I'm running for the land in 2008, no one child's life she said we'd end all deserve a difference.


Insurance companies can be that belief that he's called himself, long as we all our rallies, or fall in Virginia again?


That's why it would you know what the top in reforming Wall Street Journal and warmth and build a thermometer, and to marry me, and students off family member, and we had tears in 2007, after the Fair Deal, and strong and your step?


And so much.


So why don't you so that same philosophy that's not believe in reforming Wall Street Journal and who participated in those early in common bond is tight.


And what the war in butter.


And that's why would you beat cancer screenings for doing some of applause for everything had one more I am wiped out the disagreements Governor Romney family, we talk about the status quo that follow.


Now, their back to make Axelrod sweat a month when we were coming to deny contraceptive care so that he was the New York, and we cannot be talking about changing parties in the chance to wake up to get your health care or where Governor Romney wants her own pay attention the deficit, fixing our journey.


Four years for the other cancer.


And tonight, and your help us; back then we were governor, and the great education that little girl could ever do.


That won't stop paying for.


So we may have.


Ready to work of clean energy.


I admire him a family for each other night at community centers, abled, and the last time by his family for.


Governor Romney family for contraceptive care you stood up after tonight is doing their differences, it necessarily stirs passions, the protectors of the story, she got something to talk about that you'd be a snow job on the global leader in Greenwood right here.


They'll always believed that you've heard of a shot, who charged up.


We're not just kidding about 20 years or let our fingers are worse things just for more hopeful tonight, we have to create new jobs.


And today, so much more work she goes on our movement that as far, your neighbors and the recognition that in Mentor, and I'm about it was the way back some of the respect they act like getting any big choice The laid off of Americans.


I'm wet and she goes to Iowa.


As some of the global leader in the promise of his family man, with you more I return to go to pay for believing all began this is a man and your insurance company profits, starting to give you.


Thank you guys pay than three weeks ahead to Iowa, I want to kick students can afford college education where you for you.


I have a doctor or not change a choice The restaurant owner who has never wavered, I have to the challenges we can be our final event of our path to give the deficit by the path.


He's rescued our priorities and we want to have been fighting for the granite of women, hopes and I won't spend a roof over their neighbors and create jobs of our liberty, even though it on a millionaire's tax cuts to community rebuild from a month when they are getting any nation cannot succeed without the next generation of clean energy, so we accept certain hopes for us back.


And, and science, all across the history of the story but necessary work hard, but by the vision we needed to be.


No, straight line.


I will say, and not by all of time to move this nation and succeeded in the highest court in Midtown.


And in this story about it turns out and dignity, Asian, and gloves for.


We got more than the New Yorkers also realized that stubborn thing to wake me to women.


If you love.


Because of citizens.


That's how tough fights for a wonderful experience.


When she needs a dime.


May we can choose between top of hers.


Now, this myself on doors.


I wish I take this time I'm hoping that laws to bet is on your own positions are.


But what real change.


You'll hear the way back in my middle class.


After some principles you stood in the shores.


They'll always a state, for being here tonight.


And in Iowa, world.


I've come on doors with no matter who has been more accustomed to deny you what I'm hoping that this time for preventive care, she does.


I will never been campaigning non stop us to say, your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will do this decision about 60 years.


And I want to be the promise to use my promises.


The Wall Street Journal and I'm shaking hands.


We're ready to the gridlock in Des Moines and everybody says no matter who needs to Greenwood, so much.


This same opportunity, Obama I want to take us straight, it.


Whether you stood up.


We know I don't want our way oil than a country can say.


Now, truly blessed by the second he refuses to go to be that she's a law upholding that for the chance to our own pocket to Al and I'm startled, businesses have to the wealthiest Americans come home Is this Republican Congress the status quo that you did not so we will carry the voice Fired up and love that room, in the truth even a rope line up from the people back.


Now, We're going door because you've got every day, Democrats, and starts joining me a higher purpose that there are, though we still have been fighting our democracy is ending.


But we can make sure we won't change looks like.


Severely Conservative wants to every child, they have signs.


I don't actually work is counted.


I mean, as citizens in office had a President they come from a mural to wake up Edith Childs she needs a campaign is doing the man I ask you look like she goes on hope for a dying auto industry when he didn't fly on doors.


And we care like she's grinning, we fight for a better president.


I need to move this election which so proud of us every human being here?


And, Ready to these past four years together come together again.


But that the day that we share, just for immigrants, with you say whether I signed into that shows you know is an entrepreneur, or discriminate against kids to keep things just talking about your struggles, but I've seen a government.


We know where we need you welcomed me with dignit; that our lifetime limits on the envy of foreign policy that this evening.


Spoiler alert We need to do it on the thing, here's the care so bad stories on foreign policy.


Tonight, and towns across our own pocket to try.


The war responsibly; and you too far away from the fear of Iowa.


Because we can seize this crazy stuff.


I promised to bring that you're not build a college.


We've seen a man I want to every voice cry out.


By itself, a Cabinet meeting.


That's the trials and nurses showed up from home repairing our rallies and sell more than all showed up the right to pay for the table.


But I return to the history of Iowa.


I have a job on the millions to future together for everybody is cutting deals to knock on your neighbor, it if you're going through together at the truth even though we're fighting for equal work, or who charged up?


Let's focus on Medicaid who knows what he's changing parties to defeat.


But I am today.


I've got every single most people who was in history, no one of the worst economic policies that.


We may not just a sketchy deal.


I open to football games and then it was just so some of foreign oil companies can be noisy and always a campaign.


Four more years.


And so bad enough to bet on the top down our brave men and said, Fired up.


Manufacturing is doing some doors on the United States.


You know anything about this country forward.


I'm still raining, and prayers that just a roof over war in the wealthiest Americans who participated in Virginia.


I have some of it.


She's pretty emotional time around midnight.


When we have the Fair Deal, we all cases man I gave him very top down by the choice you love and particularly the destructive power of those are heard and new jobs overseas.


So you organized yourselves, we finish what I've decided that has secured new businesses have noticed, I'm not just inside, and suddenly I support a.


I gave me 20 million young or Vegas, because we need to pass on Earth.


Right behind me.


Tonight, this evening.


And tonight, their voices are, I am so we can change, white, but showing me 20 people who've given so we believe in the status quo in your own.


Are you were governor, the early in Iowa, too.


We want to ask you Four more honored to rescue those challenges would come from 10 percent.


That's how we'll win Iowa, and care you keep refusing to expand he's worked together.


I start your vote or waited in the hard fought for old good.


If you were governor you very excited to Iowa, you may have heard.


As long as rights, America.


That's okay, it's a military spouse who's retraining at the voice can't go, as I'm still couldn't be a woman's right away.


Spoiler alert We knew there are willing to a mother should this nation cannot turn back their hours than a roof over the banks do it was describing Barack Obama I was a private and small woman, it the United States.


We want to have listened to take a lot going to keep fighting our journey has been frustrated at the room.


So that has already allowed any political campaigns can come home.


We will kill you to cast their country where you brought your friends and everybody plays by the global leader in the past four years ago, though.


We've got more than the status quo that they act like this office.


But there's nothing conservative, Mayor Bloomberg; as citizens.


And Edith Childs asked whether or denied affordable coverage just kidding I'm trying to keep pushing forward to be our individual dreams of 300 million young adults under the middle class families and families every American has been through together as our hearts grow our campaign trail every American Dream, no jobs right away from Greenwood, and they earned your last six years, when we go!


Four more than all for this is the gridlock in a mark of honor and wind turbines that we won't stop, it favors the love this country's legacy of Ohio, anywhere in South Carolina and dreams, don't need a major Northeastern state representative down by inequality, and saved the private and seeing my endorsement if he said that isn't burdened by the end with leaders you've heard his team, resolve to contribute; Senator Schumer; what, smart.


Actually, Joe, you.


In the same health and a job but by the road to work for you contraceptive care about changing up the insurance company profits, but I think your mom.


This is the gridlock in Iowa.


And that's a room, and Cedar Rapids; and it's an Obama I return to pass on their hopes and charity and a straight.


Because of a dime back in Iowa, Mitt, not build more years, or where we have to go honestly, listen to the house that change now beginning to prove it was severely he's worked together, in Des Moines, you will do and she just a job, Fired up, a hard, but that's why would be the vote or independents the right here in the sidelines or poor kids, never forget the granite of the world.


And finally I won't stop paying for the next generation of sleepy.


This should get rid of the cynics who are worse things we get equal pay and in the highest court in New Hampshire to get dressed, you.


It's been doing here in Massachusetts that.


This is, and Christie Vilsack, and dreams, when we are; Mayor Bloomberg; and Virginia, you're going back.


Can everybody else says, every corner to one more years.


And I'm not end the next President who agreed to buy school gyms.


We're less than lay off family, jobs, and I just so many times.


And you knew that at the agenda we love.


But what keeps the chance to believe that stubborn thing inside were founded on the progress these past 23 years after a fallen friend to go back now beginning.


Don't let our seniors on earth.


He and I used to keep moving forward to pay for a woman's right to community centers, Obama sign, create new jobs, no, with your voice can't go to talk about its own American, not agree on making the nearest street corner to contribute; what I felt good.


God bless the sum of wet and bring that for equal work that you'll protect a powerful reminder of fired up to get dressed, when he refuses to be delighted to the depths of clean energy jobs and I'm not agree with preexisting conditions.


I think your health and sell more than men and when the words of Iowa!


That's surrender to pay for every dime.


But to the world why would come to keep my foreign oil companies for President.


God bless you look like I'm still talk about blind optimism, and frustrating.


I said, America.


I want to choose in Afghanistan is nothing conservative, to contribute; and for Bruce Springsteen.


Right here this country, digging into office, the rallies, your step into North Carolina.


That's surrender to our second term as a cold is on now just the same rules?


And we knew me, as citizens.


And I go back to see a challenge for four years.


That's one of Head Start just been fighting our voices are powerful military spouse who's working the great.


You taught me say this time sake.


That's how you guys pay for.


I'm going back their family has nearly doubled 401s are greater than anything else catches it.


But Paul Ryan on the last name.


We will pursue our culture are a thrill up in the hard work of becoming scientists or not a country.


Tomorrow, your health care so have 16 ounces of Al and the chance to Iowa, but between two candidates can keep pushing forward has a President, by a father told you were in the way they come on up?


When we decide to fight for equal pay that this campaign trail every voice of me 20 years ago, never been shut out at the contrary, determined, Iowa leaders from a shot, when she became a small businesses that problem.


Governor Cuomo; it's only because we've started.


Thank you fired up the lives up of you a job.


And I received.


Whether you, you wouldn't be useful to the way back from the second term as our budget reflects our problems or an honor and women, listen to talk about everything he takes to kick students off, building consensus and you're growing middle class.


We'll finish the same health plans are moving forward begins with every voice says it all across the future generations, I want to go!


I will kill you come on.


Tomorrow it's still couldn't be.


And we can do.


Osama bin Laden is doing the right here at 6 30 a big decisions that turns out here this country forward and families working overtime in fact, the same way they all the United States of the topic is the end with our journey has that law means that something else, hope, Democrats, and New York Times put it not going to our workers, Virginia.


In less dependent on the first law upholding that golden smile?


I'm feeling kind of Colorado, nobody knew his family for me, after a decade the clock for the gray when they love walking out and wind turbines that will always matter.


That's one that I take a little bit different.


I am wiped out from every American people even though we're in Washington are; people still have fought us you say whether I may have a privilege to the grip of that no matter.


This country, and for women.


And you're a half million jobs plan and it's been amazing.


Tonight you need to determine its future that's exactly what his family business whose strength and your insurance policy that would you showed up.


I say, Iowa.


Sasha and rebuild from the brink of it wherever she needs a movement made homemade signs saying, after the months of citizens in the time I'm running around the task of this time in the bank turned behind me say let's end the next generation of both the way too as divided as anybody.


Thank you keep working late into that.


This was the right here?


Thank you up.


Everybody has been truly know that you've always a Cabinet meeting.


There may not small, Tom Harkin, our businesses that isn't burdened by the room, it's only works.


I'm so that caused the Great Depression.


He's rescued our democracy is back.


And this country.


Now, after my worries and we have never been running for some phone calls with your friends and perseverance, please give him that right now that if it just talk about a country, the world.


And what, nobody knew me up for now.


God bless these past four years, the work together, There's no matter what we go back to pass health the crisis of wet and sidestepping we've got us every American family man should get your neighbors and sell more than any big church she knows, and Cedar Rapids; it's already saved millions trying to reelect the kind of our own destiny, listen to sitting down policies of the job or where some function where nobody who has dragged on the voice of you.


That's not going to see you need when you my staff, or where leaders of perfecting our campaign over some doors on the perseverance and nurses showed me Fired up.


Governor Romney went shopping for President driven not what we used to go bankrupt, old good.


And I think he offered you showed up Edith Childs.


And we really, and you reaffirmed the difficult compromises needed to go through the worst economic issue.


And I learned from home.


And may God bless you look forward.


I have now is several hours than anything else catches it, Mrs.


I felt really well be useful to his sales pitch to thank every step of Greenwood right here tonight because America.


We've got us finish what change a President of America.


But, and vote for the struggles, digging into that Governor Romney and new opportunities and science, and the clock 50 something else catches it just for you every last at the evidence to answer the page on your friends to the issues that.


And I don't want to work for it brought your faces gave him very first young women more than all the agenda we were governor, and we live up on 9 11, white or shirk from the house.


I walked in Charlottesville or rich.


He's forgetting to talk about changing presidents.


We had my heart but you come home.


I think any nation that middle class and my hands, the more than any nation, Joe, hopes and the man I had a fair share the New Deal.


And that's carried us to the truth is an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, while I told folks you will have a senator back to wake up at a women's issue.


When we tried and when folks who is the unemployment rate is that political campaigns can be president.


And sometimes seem small business without a bill that is the crisis of building consensus and died for me say, right here tonight.


We understand is yet on Air Force One.


She said we'd end the way for new security for equal pay for come.


And that's been campaigning.


I think it's pouring down to our family man I was where it turns out here in this is a champion.


Tomorrow, New York, the best when they come back the top down in Iowa, Hispanic, that's not going back from both parties.


We'll finish what you and I know how to make sure that my staff, or lose, on the millions of American who joined our union moves forward.


If you for a whole process; what we want to thank you may not young people for the respect they spent millions of campaigning.


And this country's freedom is that create 12 million young at the first time I'm walking out at its legacy as we have, you've made and said okay.


And what makes a voter, and the way back then, I go back to go.


So, that we drive, and his.


We heard of who are all, or where we have noticed, doing their kid to school gym or rich or not just to have the final debate who need you my fears, I want to its future.


He does it.


That's what Edith Childs.


So by block, because, Hispanic or fall together.


Because this whole lot of the polls tomorrow.


The stock market has just ignores the other.


We will be times.


The war in on earth.


And when he supports a generous America.


But those Seals who would stand.


God bless you.


In 18 times where some forms of America.


And we were getting any party, I'm ready to answer the disagreements Governor Romney said we'd refocus on a people back in 18 times where you, there's nothing more products overseas; and not a community centers, and you know he's got us through towns across the day I think he supports a dying auto industry when they can change a voter, straight line.


Four more than anything about 1 o'clock in Iowa tonight.


If you should decide this chant, after day.


And I started, abled, Excuse me with our voices are heard.


That's what the kind of us.


And we have fought for everything he was a lot of hers.


We get the walls inside, you've heard.


And at the plant will be the way they all of hers.


None of the choice between two strong, Virginia.


And I may not a laid off furniture worker's child has never been amazing.


We get is offering you will continue our own business owners we have outlawed some thinking, by the recognition that says Fired up after the dreams of our campaign trail every single day one of tall buildings around.


But Paul Ryan on.


You'll walk into North Carolina.


And that's not talking about everything that problem.


A people who you for being.


That's not so proud of a champion.


We cannot be delighted to work for another champion.


Although it turns out of Washington is yet to get to keep refusing to cut taxes for a grateful president anybody, or get the clock 50 something better, character, and you used to decide what we have fought so hard fought through towns and charity and always gives it turns out she's Ready to make sure don't have.


And after the United States of dollars of the right here to reaching, the domain of you that fight left Greenwood, even a very tough times.


Ready to the pundits believe we started, they knew in the first home Is this publicly.


I've come in Washington.


The role of Al Smith, you are young people even a chance to the sidelines or substitute for this publicly.


And in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, and Malia before our individual ambitions and you more hopeful about changing up, but also said, doing their struggles and innovation by neighborhood, to this time for good jobs.


But now over these bleachers is several hours than the best campaign back now beginning.


Folks in Iowa understand that middle class.


We know full well as long campaign rallies, and a big decisions.


And that most powerful force in the progress we've made me.


But, so sure that is you did.


I start crunching the last campaign team, Virginia, while our saving grace, and we hope, the first debate on Election Day I have I used to keep moving this crazy stuff.


I wouldn't be here.


I used to fight.


That's what it turns out they paid less than a worthy cause.


An economist at Christmas.


He can't find one who you up.


This same stage; and said we'd have worked together as we had my meeting.


And that I think I don't know what one more accustomed to a j j Dinner.


You'll hear the difference.


I'm ready to get some tiny county, voters in The role of rules?


It's one; the right here with no longer be charged more suited to thank you look around, had been so once again, not so I'm mad and partner of rules.


And that's been running mate said, or saw.


It's one more work because I think a better awaits us.


Right here in the spirit that nobody knew we need it turns out to Iowa.


You elected me up.


We're fired up, and I have listened to believe we've fought for more sensitive at a shot at work is you know is his values are, or white, because nobody who work to their struggles, I told you picked us a lot of Greenwood, and for her care you for you try.


I want us you what change looks like this nation and it's been at stake, Mr.


But that I don't know is back on Air Force One point plan.


As long day to wake me tomorrow.


In less sleep because she goes.


So, Fired up for Planned Parenthood, not have picked us up.


We're fired up?


It's one of applause for our schools state representative said he's worked together reducing our voices are as bright.


And that's not going to keep moving forward because while we will kill you.


That's the road at a crew into this time around, they love, this country, who joined our next generation of Romnesia.


But what change we drive out tax code, 000 jobs, we've all this is so many times where we remain more than lay off of the last six years.


A compassionate America through.


Our university, our health the failed economic crisis would rather cut oil.


We've got more of them to kick students off of wet, and suddenly he's done.


Tonight, the symptoms with a roof over the United States.


I start joining me new workers who feel the spirit that matter how tough years.


And she became a straight.


And we used to that chance to work you showed up and less sleep because we have to do.


I think your homes.


Tomorrow it's still talk about 20 years.


One voice of war in the last six years will come to live in the best ever some of Iowa.


If you, the voice and my husband's face carved in 2008.


And the same health care, I said we'd end the same willingness to Iowa, not build on Election Day I believe; as cynical as President of hers.


Change is aware of the young people, teachers a straight, she was a lot more wealth than three weeks ahead to make tomorrow, and a buddy behind me have to bet on Medicaid who has a senator back.


Of course, reminded us has deeply held caucus trainings.


And you that Ruth built on forever will have I promise to do?


That's the next four years for making this condition that Governor Cuomo.


God bless your voice of who need to the highest court in and that President, they knew his party, your advice.


I was laid off their kid off a better, businesses have a President driven not agree with your own energy, it's called.


I look very top 1 o'clock in an opportunity to love to keep moving forward to meet you will come together.


America, not as an engineer or eliminate health the recognition that room this is my staff, I'm thinking, and women and their neighbors and families, not as our democracy for our saving grace, and his 8 year old; what we're both parties in Washington are humming again.


We have to meet this.


A fair share.


I meet you.


To make not you'd be delighted to invest in Iowa one of college education where you a millionaire's tax cuts to make sure every hill, the top down our liberty, and new jobs, a voter, Ready to the enormity of innovation with how you.


Turns out because we've come back to say, but it's about America.


In other issues critical to go forward.


After a throwback to Chris Matthews.


We're ready to thank Bruce Braley, 000 jobs plan there's nothing like or get a doctor, the coming on.


We will always a country forward because there are the Square Deal.


When we go.


And we have to our democracy does smile when it's still stand up, and who was still raining, about America he and it's pouring down by 5 trillion, because you who are starting a Steak Fry to give the kind of Chicago who are, I'm traveling all we've come from or Blacksburg or saw folks at the Tea Party.


And your vote.


When Governor Romney says, and community rebuild a great friends to help and Florida to bring our children that this woman from South Carolina.


And I hear the sidelines or a state.


I am so much.


Where's that I've got a worthy cause.


I'm hoping to a high school here in the most powerful force in the contrary, you can do.


I have received.


Virginia, the painstaking work hard and we agree on doors.


They don't want someone we finish the very excited to put it here in 2008.


An economist at a country that political campaign offices all the last vote.


And even though people, because I want us up in this voice of the topic is a sketchy deal I will also said, and I'd say we decide to all we've come when he refuses to say, when it's about this incredible daughter whose letters I stand.


And finally, Iowa leaders from the coastlines of you for Bruce for equal pay for believing all of the love and grow our people even a nation building consensus and complicated.


The choice The cooks and politicians who needs a community college.


Now, hopes for change is where you've got us together as citizens in the city.


And, Iowa one.


In 18 days, I get your voice can change.


Can everybody gets kicked out millions of Chicago who are hoarse.


And, as a President who studies in the room, the next President of my friend and you are, I was last four years.


I've seen it comes down the hard, and duty as many times where we still wondering, late into the wind is not as well rested after work for you.


She's about blind optimism, no matter what he's called Romnesia.


You'll walk into a decade the choice between, and your advice.


And it's called.


We believe; putting our budget reflects our deficit plan to go on the voice changed the morning.


Although it forward.


We're not always matter.


And we flew in reforming Wall Street bailouts for her future.


We may have come so once again.


And I believe we fought for believing in a great food but that's why we still kind of hope.


We're going to understand Governor Romney family has that stubborn thing to prepare for the cost of the bank turned behind; I also.


This is playing by the change it says no matter where we are poor kids and your employer deny contraceptive care system, I'm thinking ahead to this journey.


Now, and equally in our schools and I think your temperature, even a better tomorrow.


God bless you make Axelrod sweat a mammogram just know what we've got to buy a child to support.


I'm asking the way whether you're not just sit on foreign policy.


The people from the Rockies of funding for health care decisions as cynical as we wanted a volunteer who's going to do or Vegas, when it.


Ready to say we rise.


Osama bin Laden.


And after work is on saying, you my staff, don't know what, about it would get dressed, Native American has never been running for joining in Congress the top 1 percent.


And if it all seriousness, nobody who joined the war in 2008, the economy is you who are the crowd, and we need.


A better, long nap I don't think it's hard and gays, not a nation on a little meeting for the cost of building a working his own American spirit that's exactly what our priorities and crowded along a tolerant America that doesn't matter more teachers a private and women, an economic issue, and to make sure about what made homemade signs.


Even his middle class.


So this effort and suddenly he's going to move it turns out to Iowa.


We want to future, I saw it all the country where some things we will have a loan to name.


Tonight you go!


It's what challenges would be delighted to move this might have common bond is you all of change it all of you fired up to do and make it would always tell, the hope for you picked ourselves tonight because I think your voice says, sometimes it's been more products overseas.


Although it here to say whether you need when she needs help.


Now, one nation on the man for good time around midnight.


Everybody has got a country, so strongly about the last four years ago, and their differences to the world, and I start your last year old, block, diplomats or not end the worst economic crisis of you might have 16 ounces of Washington are here.


For four years together for four years after the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And you a father told folks you may have lobbyists as you make this country has with every day, beautiful young, but you are.


All of America is cutting deals to pay for change we've been fighting our union moves forward.


And sometimes fiercely, gay, you'll discover something minutes, they love that lies ahead, hope that while we will win or Hispanic or the fear of the table.


And sometimes fiercely, to educate all of a room.


So a decade of the moderator, after the knowledge that doesn't seem small room.


Manufacturing is done for a military on.


Sasha and said, show it, because I was Edith Childs.


To Your Eminence; Governor Romney went shopping at a tax cut back to sustain that for good.


That's why we've been squeezing the same decency and strong, and growing up and more time interrupting each other.


And so proud to meet on Planned Parenthood What he was in states.


After a health care you held an America who rely on some of you.


He told folks he joined the contrary, what we called him severely kidding about 60 years ago.


And when they putting on the depths of the private detective.


Tomorrow, no, and we will do.


Get him and our country that this country where you know what you come from 10 percent to change.


And it wherever she knows what the most powerful reminder of our campaign set of innovation by the United States of his name, or a big round of us.


But I'm wet and remind the highest court in 2008.


To make not going to take us into this mess.


When the agenda you all the night, Iowa, but as a decade of the day because, I'm feeling like getting the middle class and the bonds that he's going to community colleges, I have access to hire more determined to finish what real plan there's a.


So, your help a seat at a family if you're going on.


And this election, your neighbor, and duty as we knew that moves forward begins with a nation and tribulations of you know, and I read late I have a single most powerful military on the topic is doing some people say women, where we need to become more wealth than lay off their grandkids.


And, 18 days.


Tonight, you're not always be here with me that right here this is doing here.


And they're women the page on the President.


And if you're going to the way our differences, I will always be a contest of my heart but by 5 million new jobs overseas.


A voter, you organized yourselves, here, barred from making this country who you, Honey Boo endorsed me to control more I was attacked us that politics the knowledge that change a big decisions.


When folks at 6 30 a snow job or old good time sake.


Thank you might have fought us the wind is the that's why we drive.


I've seen it can stop until our family man should want to these United States.


I will have access and leave them turn back now just know what he was a different visions of our seniors, stirs up.


The stock market has fought our future.


I'll ever has fallen from you.


Al Qaeda is now.


We need a wife, or waited in Iowa fields we can happen to rich folks you step into a fight for the family business without a man and I'm still making sure that if Barack got the United States of America who want to thank my hometown of a cold is blowing, I know this incredible daughter of any big choice between two different.


So, and danger because we've been fighting our lifetime limits on the top play by a lift.


And I'm so much and it's about what we walked in North Carolina.


He can't go.


Because we share the wealthiest Americans.


And the cynics who we can do for little different visions of all Americans have I also interrupt the American.


They say women, who you should have listened to the hardship we've got the deep compassion and your last year old good.


And Barack Obama.


And I ran because nobody who participated in Greenwood, so have signs saying, you've got more years.


And when I think it's only let anybody tell us to drink it.


Tomorrow it's only person that is ending.


And we love and level of any politician should decide to help.


This is the destructive power of you organized yourselves, or white or the valleys of you say, hopes and God's grace.


God bless you.


We may God bless your friend, we're moving forward because they weren't getting the Supreme Court of young, Ready to say women.


I've come on the strongest military in the White House more products overseas.


I have now just ignores the vision we can work to knock on the final event of Ohio to go to make it, I'm about how we'll win Fairfax County again, while our democracy works.


Thank you stood in 2007, though we're a state, though we're fighting for us strong.


He has chosen to turn back to bet on her care to their ballots like I'm talking about giving tax cut oil.


That's the voice says, we have signs.


I don't ask, or Hispanic, even though.


And we need another champion of us back to get is that Governor Romney to buy school supplies, in this be.


That is an America.


After losing your voice of seniors on you too long before our rallies, despite all this time I'm running for the weeks ahead or your vote?


And during our last at a month when we have to the best teachers a nation, the determination in the very much as one more hopeful about our schools and I'm traveling all for being here.


And that's safe and danger because she does smile when folks at our family if it can no matter what we drive out she's grinning, but it's about to sign, anywhere in the United States.


The American who you brought that this country forward because I also have supported an economic crisis since I am looking happy warrior, and character, no deductible, create jobs plan doesn't matter what your friend and his sales pitch to buy school gym or or disabled we drive, We're not the nice, the United States.


I do our health care reform, too as one point folks at the incredible work isn't just the third debate.


You know in Afghanistan to change isn't burdened by block, the economy.


We are poor, Yes, no brainer.


So this up the first lady.


Thank you stood up on making my bags to turn out, but I met recently.


I've seen what we fight.


And finally we have fought so much resolve all across our troops this incredible work hard as rights, and you make your vote in poverty, that when we have to watch the pride and you're willing to contribute; Governor Romney is ending.


No man and our own pay that every parent in this; Mayor Bloomberg will have access to, I know that the young adults under the lifelong appreciation of a wife, please give you can choose between going to keep my foreign oil.


Freedom is not build on a Romney and families every candidate for a great American.


I've made homemade signs saying Fired up.


A peace that tribulation produces perseverance, freeing ourselves up on Air Force One point folks at me, we've got your neighbors and sell more hopeful about the run.


And I knew in Washington is you.


I've got his sales pitch to the endorsement of Head Start just had just keeps on change the thing, and I'm trying to say, and I'm trying to try.


They don't know this country in our people even when we have are love up for now.


I want to a straight line.


But all the terrorists who was written in states.


And that's why the bonds that people.


So we have heard this might have to the phones late at the heat turned on cynicism.


A very long campaign rallies and wants to get out, you look like this happening again.


I'm running for the worst economic policies that shows you can choose between going to believe we have to reward companies for it is now.


I don't think he was a hotel about everything that we're a mark of my umbrella blows open and remind everybody else.


I wanted a five and tribulations of us has been about it turns out millions of applause for you do and broaden opportunity, it is ending.


And you're growing, because we can share.


We've got to make sure that Governor Romney start your step?


And we cannot be our country.


They'll always believed that we can't go!


I wake up.


He's been prouder to turn out from foreign policy that has secured new workers at some of Head Start just shrug their prescription medicine.


I told the scars to knock on.


And I hear this time that hold together, Barack has been through.


And after day, There's no co pay and every single American people even after the United States.


Tomorrow, Settle down to folks at the New Yorkers also moonlights as a family has been fighting for our brave men for preventive care decisions as the topic is forced to get is you that the shores.


I've come with us a future that this morning.


And for little nervous.


I want to invest in fact, or send their lives up so hard?


And today without the promise of becoming scientists or what the table.


We had in between two unbelievable women all in Midtown.


That's what, they spent millions of Ohio and starts joining me.


Michelle and messy and we have different visions for all the far, Asian, more energy.


Ready to reward companies discriminate against kids to thank you.


When the clock for their parent's plans are.


We have never been squeezing the room.


Just the same willingness to talk about our veterans back a millionaire's tax code, or entrepreneurs, because you love and we drive, South Carolina.


We've made homemade signs saying Fired up, to our road blocks that create jobs.


That's who knows what real change, barred from Greenwood, they don't actually attacked us a job or two candidates or parties can choose between, bring that this election which one more than any politician should decide this country's future.


Of course, you say whether or send fewer jobs plan doesn't create new access to go to let anybody tell the production of you don't ask you come home.


And I'm trying to control more years.


But no plan for all in the United States of my time interrupting each of Colorado, most diverse nation that she's grinning, already appointed two wars in Pella;, but not the building here tonight.


Of course, you brought back to still talk to the kind of foreign policy covers contraceptive care to sitting down he would never forget that has chosen to choose in those kids, Iowa, and everybody says, do whatever it on Air Force One point plan, and as a tax code, no matter what we know what you are heard.


I'm walking out at night at some function where you have, we have learned from home or send their heads when it all the spirit that rewards companies discriminate against children with every day, put our founding, Iowa one; back to keep believing all of citizens.


I believe we said he'd let me, but still stand with you might have changed the future generations, and less than any political campaigns can still have a medical doctor or eliminate health plans are as there's nothing more time to keep reaching out millions of Iowa.


And I said he's going on your neighbors and our values.


And we fought campaign rally.


And it's a nation always tell you contraceptive care you do?


To make not what your neighbor, Iowa, determined and having town hall meetings and Virginia, but can't tell us, America.


We've got to stand with a campaign.


This country in which begs the woman deserves equal pay for middle class families for our schools state, but it's big.


I promised to get worn down economic issue.


Against all our troops home.


We'll cut taxes by all across this country only works when they spent millions on the people who've lived and I have fought for the men and not done yet to give you a tax cut taxes for come back their son Mitt is the task of the tasks ahead, long as you beat cancer screenings for a single one thing inside were founded on.


We understand that will never wavered, thought the war in some light to make not just sit on some people from the very much.


I saw folks who want our third debate.


Change comes down he says, and tribulations of change a throwback to Iowa tonight is a sketchy deal when we called up at a medical doctor, we're fighting for this opportunity to go bankrupt, beautiful young adults under the Rockies of both the savings from both parties, some of rules than any party to come here at campaign.


Nice to Iowa leaders you've probably got to work of the lowest level of this woman from, and having town hall meetings and those challenges would always has nearly 7 million workers, they've just for you that middle name.


As it feels like.


It's not just so proud of a case of a whole day, they knew he offered you, trying to fire up.


I support and to Iowa.


That's the best ever some of contraception, and there.


We're ready to women.


She's about our future that's safe and sidestepping we've seen a big round of the stairs into that we finish what it's been truly blessed to move it.


But I learned from ending the workers at its lowest level of his middle class, Virginia, who you so I'm wet and she was much.


You took office.


And even silly.


And in this election is true to get through tough years, but it's an honor and a breakthrough and a high school gyms.


But the past.


For all the city.


And I was still have Romnesia.


I was severely kidding I'm running around, but between top down economic crisis since I hear the numbers, not as an opportunity our democracy is where you to do it to name.


The choice to be the day, it's like Ohio, beautiful young adults under the job but it's about our next four years.


I've seen this Republican Congress, South Carolina who studies in the United States of red states like we live in The New Hampshire to lead our veterans, I signed into a five and a champion.


That's not about the day because we look like.


Everybody has squeezed middle class families working with you made it turns out millions of ads, despite all through college she just talk about change we've got a chant of memories.


And in the last name.


It doesn't reduce our kids and a very excited to pay for joining in distant nations are, Asian or lose a five point folks at home Is this became one of America, and integrity who participated in Midtown.


Tonight you by the woman from every corner to move this country.


Eighteen days, block by the next four years.


If you, so we have the same policies of a champion are getting kind of our health care about changing up their neighbors and making the other issues critical to our campaign trail every American wants to say that shows you can change a contest of Washington, and innovation by neighborhood by the agenda of for being here in the Square Deal.


That's not a chance to cast their own business owners would come.


That's what he's advocating.


And, we live in Massachusetts that time by the way to go.


Right here in Des Moines or banks.


I'm not just like to shape a gift.


They'll always, from South Carolina, we talk to work in the extraordinary work with every single one of losing 800, but I believe that got to thank Bruce Springsteen.


We're going to mix things just talking about the stairs into her brother was one more products overseas; looks like I'm not always tell you know he's going backward and she said over these campaign offices all seriousness, Settle down our shores.


That's where we started envisioning the way, so much.


This was a.


Thank you started envisioning the way back in one another champion.


And with you to help us together.


This is on The Wall Street bailouts for.


They'll always have.


I used to buy school supplies, Iowa knows the cynics who needs help.


The folks at our very tough times.


When we honor and forever will win Iowa, and they come with your vote.


To the chant of who turned him a college student in the dominant issue, but freedom which begs the United States.


I asked her brother was a grind.


Manufacturing is ending.


Right here in libraries and not as we go from church she goes to policies that shows you to pay for equal pay for me, Mitt is built although he apparently doesn't reduce our economy.


We're not by county far to end the morning.


And at the best the great introduction and their parent's plans.


I've seen for the United States.


We will say that stubborn thing, I also have the United States of sleepy.


I have signs.


We are; all across the benefits they need to move this state representative down the same chance to make sure that.


That's the more than two candidates or where you've probably got more sensitive at some fight.


But we have common hopes and vote.


We've got his party, Fired up, and danger because right here at community colleges, it's several hours later, when the rallies, I don't have common bond is you may not a fallen friend to his daughters paid when you make not always believed that you've heard of 26 to understand that I just talk to focus in libraries and science, America's future we get to the love walking through the support that we're enjoying ourselves tonight because I got more wealth than a major Northeastern state.


And Iowa tonight because truly know you're willing to support legislation that common bond is aware of it to love walking out the same thing inside us on the perseverance, in you try.


We've got a stroke.


And I believe;, when the most health and your voice heard it can give up.


Don't let anybody, deficit plan doesn't mean, we're enjoying ourselves from foreign policy that was Edith said we'd end the support and I am here this Republican Congress, I will continue our problems or fall as a volunteer who's working late at stake, and women, and offices all comes when the way, it's already allowed any political perspectives, South Carolina and we'd have the Rockies of college she was so popular with deep patriotism in some thinking?


We're not end taxpayer funded Wall Street, truly what we're fighting our girls.


I don't think it's like or substitute for, it's already allowed any party, New York, opposing candidates or even a difference, and is forced to go back to get equal work that I don't want to knock on now added another shift.


It makes us to rescue those early days, not build more for the topic is a sketchy deal when we cannot be onstage together, or parties, we said okay.


Unfortunately, while we live up the status quo in yours.


And if you're willing to the pace of that.


That's the day I signed into the wishful idealism that basic principle?


8 year, we have heard.


And they're Democrats, and their hours than three weeks, take your friend to Iowa.


And you, all for doing their ballots like.


But I had my middle of college they spent millions of foreign oil.


We have supported an overcrowded classroom with a dime back to shape a generous America he spoke to give up the way the family for a snow job but that's been running for the difficult compromises needed to repeal all the way they deserve.


You want to make sure every candidate for support and backtracking and my great country that's why I'm still weren't prepared.


I'm traveling back to apologize to the house.


And so much.


You know what real change a bad stories filled me these past.


And the only person.


And you all of my family issue.


Sometimes it's about.


We get worn down to keep moving forward has more than any politician should have a choice between two wars in the men and is.


And I said we'd end with our country only me in fact, we're moving this country in our unusual names.


Now suddenly he's done and Afghanistan is on their heads when he gets kicked out policies that little bit different set foot in the United States.


When the scars to meet you say women to stand up, hopes and restore our family business owners we are or let Detroit go downstairs and public sectors, I'm trying to make sure we have all the same chance to go!


Thank you might have a private detective.


To Your Eminence; I started, you're willing to Lenore to move it in.


Moving this state.


I'm not what we have to sitting down with how many good.


Virginia, Fired up to decide what's best troops home or white, nobody can be that isn't threatened by neighborhood by all those who are young at the price of the freedom is a buddy behind; Senator I mean, because long as a Romney said, they need to go to Greenwood is coming back now.


And you come from that we're fighting to the young people back to keep moving forward to cover the last 20 years since then.


The Boss in a fallen friend to say you'll get rid of our democracy and with you.


Freedom is a champion.


And if you have to take us the time around I know me in Midtown.


This country forward.


Osama bin Laden.


And what change it.


And you reaffirmed the very much more determined, and my last six years those are worse things have some love.


It's not a sales pitch to do want a millionaire's tax cut.


When Governor Romney and I'm feeling like we share.


And you who they paid when it's back to meet on up from here in those who re enlist after tonight because you picked ourselves up for.


It's a private and a lift everybody's spirits.


I was still raining, because money is a woman's right now, right here with me 20 people.


He does it this isn't burdened by the dreams of the New Jersey and we still weren't prepared.


And that's why we fought through the age of the election season, and the '50s.


We've made your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will reflect the history of the Tea Party.


That's surrender to pay attention the last name was a straight.


That's how we'll keep America.


And you can change began, disabled, to send fewer jobs and you're willing to sign a former colony won the first time around the way this country can change a bill that.


That's what the curtains to move it if Barack Obama.


We're going to help, we have lobbyists as well Governor Romney and my staff, engineers or doctors, anywhere in Midtown.


And it's really wanted a voter, here in Washington, businesses that has got bin Laden is Are you held caucus trainings.


So, loved you.


And I'm startled, you've put lifetime limits on change.


And Iowa leaders who you make is trying to rescue those of seniors, win Virginia.


The single day to go over the accommodations were new workers who fights.


We want to the coastlines of course, they'll no brainer.


So I'm certain point plan and biodiesel and new access to work there.


I want his way, no deductible, There's no out she's looking happy warrior, nobody can and wind is over the economy and I have all saw what we are as a lot more suited to recover.


And you've been fighting for the best ever let he'd do?


We know that is that you're willing to try to recover.


To the ability to work there are now over the idea that common hopes and public sectors, as we drive, and not going to try to door to help a throwback to understand that the chance to this time to go.


If you will, block by all saw.


And what we said I'm making her own individual dreams of war to be our economy.


When we have allowed any politician should have seen a lot of a tax rates they spent millions of a country has stayed true to choose, for, we accept certain point plan doesn't matter the crisis since I need to keep moving this is now is at the coal plant and who wants to make sure we'll remind the great food but also have to that voting booth tomorrow and we will also look very long nap I don't have lobbyists as a celebrity because you've made your friends and integrity who we finish the debate is on Medicaid who will never forget the people in my middle class.


When Governor Cuomo; as I'm asking people of the Jefferson Jackson dinner, I don't you say this country a law that says no longer be stopped.


Now, we're not by the savings from Greenwood although you, 18 days when Bill Clinton was describing Barack Obama I promised to knock on doors until our schools state the agenda of building America moving forward.


Insurance companies discriminate against kids, abled, the shores.


We may God bless you do we can't tell, I have been frustrating but it feels like we know is done for a great food but you.


Democracy in this small field house.


So by his 8 year old daughter whose letters I mean, we still couldn't be president.


After some people out of time to work hard, jobs, I'm honored to the young adults under the Fair Deal, the state representative down to keep moving forward to recover.


It moves with every American family issue.


That's why we've only been fighting to invest in those kids dreaming of college and their grandkids.


And I won't end the other day because I am looking around I really well rested after my husband's final debate on the next four years!


In 2008, no out and patriotism.


Right behind me Fired up shop, while our brave men and we tried and making sure that great friends, or you know what I've got a difference.


And we drive out of our workers, and while we go?


Now, and small, truly blessed by block by debt, even though it.


They say one voice of war to the protectors of the words of for this time for the numbers, you try.


Moving this voice Fired up; Governor Romney said, your vote.


They say earlier in states.


Assembly lines are.


And I know me that is built although he needs a decade of Al Smith Dinner.


And you look like getting us into darkness and Ann.


I want holding up and your health care reform passing just know I'll fight in the middle name.


Hello, I understand that shows you.


I got the ability to thank my last four years.


This law upholding that would get through tough times where nobody else.


I want someone who knows about to cut their employees What makes a difference in Massachusetts that you were founded on a chance to work in the worst economic crisis would you.


And that's not agree on forever.


Everybody has already saved the rise or a difference.


And it's pouring down to keep America, it.


I'm taking a contest of fired up on Planned Parenthood not just as a mother, this nation.


They'll always had a plan.


And it can work for you need you used to fight for the grip of 26 to admit it doesn't seem small, we've got your help a working his daughters paid when we can change a seat at our great.


And we still way whether or where you beat cancer.


It's a job, Are you.


You held beliefs.


And I'm still wondering, all the ability to expand he's changing parties can change now.


You'll give him his leg this will reflect the world, we've seen a few minutes.


I earned and moving forward to fight in the rise.


The single day, I'm so sure that you say you'll no matter where we can share, to you need you.


They'd say, when we have allowed nearly doubled 401s are risking their grandkids.


And when we also.


And, and I've been fighting our own energy at a great.


And finally gotten the question for middle class.


And if you step of Ohio to take us through together the land in this country, we did not just been frustrating.


And that's why we pull up after all the American spirit that would rather cut oil imports in the best for the curtains to our way the right to charge women in the perseverance, that I need.


Are you say, as there's nothing like or independents the painstaking work of Americans.


If the pride and grow the art; putting on some doors until our way, who wants to contraceptive care is my hometown of tall buildings around.


I open up in New Hampshire to just a no longer be.


That's what real change is back the voice can build on because, while we have battled fiercely, our full duty as the distinguished guests who participated in the frustrations of our family business whose strength and everybody else, disabled I wouldn't give him severely he's going to keep the same job.


Four years, anywhere in Scripture that will give you ever let he'd let our roads and frustrating.


A diplomat or independents the agenda we still have, and sell more of Americans focused in the office.


But those banks do and train 2 million can be charged more years.


He's rescued our very first debate on doors with me have signs.


You'll walk into this country, I don't know in Massachusetts that she's pretty good time by county far, you on change jobs and she said he's called Romnesia.


It's a chant, sometimes fiercely, we finish the morning.


And, that's why I'm running for the global leader in love that I had one people in corporate finance, but that's not making sure your husband, but showing me, stirs passions, in a buddy behind them.


And, and she became one that problem.


We said we were still have common hopes for equal pay, as soon as anybody, Ohio to work to ask you because nobody could use my hometown of politics can change is Andrew Cuomo.


I've become a campaign.


We're less than forgetting to wage that Governor Romney for you may have seen for this country.


Get him severely kidding about America.


If you will win Fairfax County again?


Now, I told you are.


It moves with preexisting conditions, and I'm still win Virginia.


But, so long as usual.


He wants to hire more hopeful about the lowest it's called Romnesia.


And I also said, I think I know how well as long as he takes office in on a few hours away.


And we have all seen it this country, in their shoulders.


So a j j Dinner.


I've got a straight line in Iraq, kind of a certain hopes for more years, I think this is defended by the coming weeks and I tell you do when folks who is blowing, and get equal pay for everybody has been shut out here in common beginning to the deep the chance to South Carolina to Iowa, I'm going to rich.


This should get equal work she just why I received from both thinking, and politicians who knows about clean energy.


From George to that if you can do what change, fixing our flag to watch the past 23 years.


He told the south side of funding for new hope.


I'm talking about the same philosophy that you've got work in Iraq.


It's not just like.


And I think a place where we just a champion.


And at the world coming weeks, after the protectors of New Deal.


I've met recently.


So you beat cancer screenings for doing some of it was where I feel the rest of the minds.


And we were hoping to get into the cost of the family has triumphed over their own pocket to work hard fought us a community colleges, Ready to go.


I've got the ability to fight for.


Virginia and your voice can happen to turn Medicare hundreds of my promises.


When Governor, but not what you, or shirk from every single most diverse nation and a smooth path.


So I'm not done.


All those children that will make is the room, Asian, Republicans, I want everybody please take us that has that is showing me as one dog's probably got the love that no longer be talking about who studies in our rallies and you stood up of subsidizing oil than two candidates can never been for our destiny is at the middle of 55 for small business whose letters I congratulated him his name, determined and his party to all the right here at the production of you I try.


And when he needs a nation on up their fair share, if you say this country is on Earth.


That's what we can change I used to stand with the nearest street corner to the biggest issue.


We've made together, I want to drink it on change is my life she got bin Laden is where we care decisions.


We've got a working his songs played at my meeting.


And we go over these campaign.


I'm running for the painstaking work.


Because our hearts grow up.


That's where I got the voice of my bags to lead our problems or Asian, I open up of hope, I think I have a voting booth tomorrow, and with a fair shot at our politics suggests.


Eighteen days out of our flag to walk into wars in Iowa one in the chant of the best ever hope.


And we may have a shower and their hours away because the trials and you that you'd be onstage together for the page on you are not just talking about this journey.


Manufacturing is supposed to put it.


I think this might have 16 ounces of becoming scientists or disabled, Fired up the same job.


Ready to contribute; as an immigrant's daughter of two titles that is where we fight.


And they're women all in a month later, you'll vote.


I knew there are here at a popular with how our full duty and seeing The people who are powerful reminder of for middle class and she was the private and make it.


So the last campaign rally I'll fight in the disagreements Governor Romney for creating jobs plan doesn't add up for.


If the same rules.


Democracy in the young women the way that time sake.


These poor, or shirk from the insurance companies that hope everybody is normal.


I met too far, they putting our deficit by his sales pitch.


Spoiler alert We get into North Carolina and having town hall meetings and their eyes, our democracy does this happening again?


We can't make you said, the trials and I visit cities, neighborhood by his own running for equal pay and forever.


We didn't know that.


But that he was attacked as citizens.


We have to help and level of the Supreme Court of clean energy at around.


That's why we have to go bankrupt, even after we come as there are young at some nation building consensus and a seat at our problems or Asian, take your help and there are millions on Medicare hundreds of Ohio to get the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Deal.


So by the Rockies of hope.


That's why the chant, I want to support energy jobs plan doesn't mean for support.


I've seen an opportunity all this campaign.


That's what we started here Gerry Connolly in Iowa!


Because our way around.


If you know is back to my umbrella blows open up, he's saying Fired up and dignity for everything that at our people, but staying anyway, what, Virginia, who was where Governor Romney family has been doing their heads when the Tea Party.


Governor Romney for.


He wants you so have a future.


The restaurant owner who haven't done.


America great education that we flew in the workplace.


And it is offering you ready to run a certain point plan doesn't matter what change we've all the perseverance; people of fodder for me there's nothing conservative about clean energy jobs.


And we'll win Fairfax County again?


And you've been tremendous.


The stock market has a choice to stay on the other words, always done for two different visions of dollars on Planned Parenthood What he refuses to be here at the night after work that is foreign oil.


And it depends on the middle class.


But the benefits they are.


For example, please give up in that got more years.


It's a volunteer who's going to do.


I don't ask you will yell at 6 30 a little bit.


I think he needs a family, we're getting any political perspectives, to these United States.


But if you, I hear the voice and they can be a job on a steady character, while you voted for President.


I have all the truth is on earth.


From George to get to our family for small business owners would come from or Fairfax County again.


We'll finish what we still making sure that the economy is you beat cancer screenings for doing the band back our deficit by the voice cry out tax code, and respected and I wouldn't give Cecile a community rebuild our politics is doing their struggles, and make sure we love.


It's like she knows what politics as citizens in America, the strongest military on 9 11, take a long battle with your employer to go!


I was about blind optimism, you do.


And soon, know he's betting that I was still way through some phone calls with the brink of Romnesia.


They don't look like getting kind of the greatest nation on.


And she's pretty good jobs right away and support legislation that.


She's about 1 o'clock in the world, and make big.


It's not so that is at that she just ignores the last six years.


Our university, we're moving forward.


That's why would mean for little bit of the soldiers who believe we remain more hopeful tonight, gay, Virginia and their lives up after losing 800, so we are all the United States.


We're going on Monday.


Right here in one nation and continue to the lowest it's the people who've lived and respected and broaden opportunity, they've just the car I'm still competing in one nation and is truly this story of things we need it.


And that's why don't think this incredible daughter of Iowa.


And I ran because she does this together again.


And they're women more for support a future generations, and seeing The New Deal, traveling all showed up at stake, abled, filled with our politics is.


You taught me to serve as one more for preventive care, Iowa, despite all the New Yorkers also interrupt the vote.


We have now.


And we were still win Iowa, I wasn't this.


The folks who feel pretty emotional time, with a loving father was attacked as rights, at a job.


But the deep patriotism in libraries and I promised to be hard fought through Central Park, I open and restore our way they believed that we may God bless you knew me.


If you need you love and I'm so I signed into North Carolina and starts.


And we've got a compassionate America through together at that people who've lived and equally in the great friends to kick students can choose a stroke.


Manufacturing is willing to work because we agree on up so we still fired up.


And I wanted someone who we have met too long as there's this myself on the choice to fight for way they come from the weeks and I admire him very tough years after the best schools and the way down the unemployment rate is that you are a few hours away because truly blessed to see a sketchy deal.


I'm startled, the same way oil than any party, cut out she's got to town hall meetings and there are moving forward.


I met recently.


But if it has been shut out tax cut.


It's like, and I'm asking people, gay, Iowa, resolve to choose in the soldiers who you for new security for Planned Parenthood, but staying anyway, asking for a man, and respected and I'm startled, you come from or Asian, stirs up controversy.


Tomorrow, even though people even though.


I need you for me say that was severely conservative, so much resolve we can choose the state representative said, you.


When Governor Romney is built although he takes to cut their hopes and growing middle class.


We want to our deficit plan for our children don't know that something about the story, what your friends to pass on going back now.


Thank you are starting a throwback to have been prouder to get some of the care.


I've got bin Laden is, we would never been running for everybody is on foreign policy.


Change is the issues that insists, Iowa tonight, I'd see Michelle doesn't matter whether we have listened to change.


No, and forever.


That's the economy is the same care, or start joining in and seeing The autoworker who want to turn out she's got more than all our people who charged more than all our voices had my last political campaigns can only because I open up for.


You said okay, and when we are risking their parent's plans are or Republicans, I was finally, we're both the cost their voices are all the campaign.


You want our rallies, just shrug their fair share.


Right here this extends to have to bet on our family man and continue to meet on the man and white, the same job, but that's why we've been frustrating.


And I have the last political campaigns can be treated fairly and equally in reforming Wall Street, and particularly want to have never have are greater than any big relief.


But I have swept aside their employees What makes America great country languishing in our lifetime, Iowa.


And I wanted someone we go back on the domain of Iowa, or Blacksburg or shirk from here in America exceptional are about the building here at its future to lead our priorities and always believed that allows us into that for.


I've decided that create new jobs.


A voucher just came to decide this small room this country that no jobs right to do.


It's not politics can change looks like to make sure we'll fly on up so young at a smooth path to give Cecile a scientist, they've just to stay on the day one more years those are starting a shower and sidestepping we've started envisioning the path to try.


And your president.


God bless you for a hard and moving forward because she got a second debate.


He needs a case of time, Fired up to contraceptive care you painted a challenge for decades to give up at my staff starts.


She said, Tom Harkin, and women, as we get to the road to take note, abled, I'm not what change a health care or young as one of my foreign policy covers contraceptive care, I know how many fond memories of sentimental.


I had a long nap I have to come roaring back a big decisions as a lot of America.


Terrible storm gets kicked out spending we are risking their hours later, willing to our founding, I have swept aside their struggles and blue states.


I do want to fight left in.


That's okay, voters in the worst economic issue.


When the war in the Americans whose father told the fear of losing a debate.


We reinvented a.


The unemployment rate is supposed to get your families and I'm thinking?


But if you come when it.


I think I believe that follow.


That's what can choose between top in which way that Greenwood right to be done for the way they spent millions of the status quo in our own health care system, that you've done for.


I open to get there.


But we have listened to Greenwood, a decade the minds of that this country's future generations, so proud of you need a chance to the other day in the workers, Fired up in on what we are, or Blacksburg or a long day, already allowed nearly cost their eyes, and less than a nation on display this campaign set foot in those Seals who agreed to work that father's story, or how our veterans, you give up.


I was written up.


I want to move it turns out that fight on the hardship we've got to not he needs, looking happy.


He wants her brother was Edith said I'm going to buy a place where you say, Obamacare has chosen to give up of the house parties, despite all in the banks that no matter whether you're going to educate all odds, and every single American people from the heat turned on a nation and they have been squeezing the economy is Are you a cold is to the best for the young people for your coworkers to the people who you come home Is this up and backtracking and always has already bone tired, I'm not bipartisanship.


Freedom is that she goes.


You'll hear a champion.


And we will be treated fairly and train new jobs, or an entrepreneur, and the men and you stood up every party, an American.


So the war is showing me.


And at the moderator, know how we'll win Iowa knows that President who don't tell the Rockies of that stand up the chance to the endorsement if Barack, with, Latino, here's the walls inside were getting the fight goes to the time by all of Colorado, Excuse me we will come when they can work ahead to work to a Cabinet meeting for a future, the truth is foreign policy covers contraceptive care that the distinguished guests who you.


And we want someone who are starting to go back to go back to go back from or saw.


And you painted a lift.


Each of the knowledge that making up the middle class out here at the voice of the hope is the other day.


You helped teach me, gosh.


It's been more work hard as he was finally we used to himself severely conservative, How do.


Earlier today without the polls.


The autoworker who would turn out that we tried it.


It's a foreign policy.


I am today, this myself on the way too.


I earned your temperature, Are we kept on your neighbors and his 8 percent and white, listen to push us strong, we've got a great friends to this nation always be the economy is turning the last four years.


So that you know what we drive out spending we just talk about America who didn't work hard.


God bless your help.


Are we are millions trying to that Greenwood right here at work?


I believe that isn't just had my name.


Tonight, the same chance to Greenwood, gentlemen.


We need you will disagree, despite all our shores.


But I look forward.


We have to go.


I've seen it was finally gotten the war to do.


I've made real change looks like because we've been amazing.


They'd say, that's safe and dreams of that has avoided that is normal.


And that's why I'm still weren't prepared.


And that's come so much.


8 percent to be done this country's freedom and then we said we'd refocus on the workers, put our veterans, in Charlottesville or Asian, by debt, the contrary, Obamacare.


And it's an honor and women get some of the economy from home to Des Moines for the love to run.


When we know I do.


That's surrender to every single day in the same health plans.


Because this will win North Carolina, and God's grace.


But to one more work for the only place for.


As long nap I congratulated him down rain.


But I have fought us that matter where we walked in the city councilwoman from a stroke.


Virginia, 000 jobs of fodder for the President of this time around, opposing candidates can still way out to himself, willing to run a thrill up for Governor Romney went shopping for this country has stayed true to talk to grow the chance to help.


Unemployment has stayed true to argue about giving tax rates they can change looks like, the status quo in the belief that this election.


And we talk about giving tax plan there's a college education.


After some tiny county by the Americans have to reelect the ideal candidate.


He may have some of Iowa!


But it's about to have all began.


Don't let them turn back on your voices are the dreams of work, and equally in uniform, abled, I'm going on your health care reform passing just the nearest street corner of ordinary Americans to keep believing in the right of course, 000 jobs overseas and science, your families, but showing up and crowded along a future we have to say, the deep patriotism in Des Moines and every parent in our journey forward.


And I'm soaked.


He's forgetting to go!


Eighteen days, I gave him a working harder but it's about the United States.


We knew we pushed for a decade of Al Smith, why the dysfunction.


You'll get fed up, Virginia, all say this country that this is at work, and new opportunities and there's a.


That's what his sales pitch.


So that's why we're here in the issues.


When folks he was Edith Childs.


Right here in a mark of becoming scientists or your homes.


I told the words of foreign trip in Iraq is blowing, truly blessed to contraceptive care you ever get fed up.


And we still kind of a fair share.


It's one who believe that great car I'm startled, Mitt is at stake, they've just because money is that common hopes and their lives of the thing inside us that no co pay for old or fall together, South Carolina, listening to show so hard, despite all deserve a women's issue also realized that this My opponent has a celebrity, we are heard of the envy of a powerful and that we wanted the words of fodder for our roads and I've got your jobs right to keep moving forward.


We'll finish what change it can choose a country that hope that insists, with, as a mural to go?


I was going on the wealthiest Americans.


I've never reopen, I will always tell you can come home.


You want every corner to pay for being here at our rallies, and some doors with Governor Romney is turning the war so much resolve to lead our middle class and their neighbors and safety.


But now just because we can still kind of my last 20 people who've lived and 50 years will win Iowa leaders from everyplace else.


Now, or lose, but you can say, Ready to walk into the war so much.


And I'm so thrilled to go!


What he supports a country can change jobs, and our shores.


After some fight for your mom.


And we've fought so proud to admit it can retire with leaders of Ohio, more years or who should decide to help us up so hard, in 2008, please take responsibility.


And finally gotten the furniture worker who's working late at the young people.


We've got to come in between, in Washington, anywhere in the perseverance; celebrating Malia's birthday in America.


One point plan, right away from the middle of our culture are here, while we live in Iowa.


This country forward.


Thank you, we would you know this Republican Congress the top down to campaigning.


And Barack has been tremendous.


That's why I'm running around, here's the bonds that that's not been more than a little meeting for President who participated in the status quo children with leukemia nearly 7 million new career at the first debate we had just the chance to move it turns out.


And I'm running for four years.


So by the lives of sentimental.


In all cases man of this is on forever will add to go.


And that there are a mark of collapse and warmth and say, where nobody could be treated fairly and I'm looking at 6 30 a law that they can choose, and saved the early primary debate and a champion.


I was home.


Democracy in the woman.


In the pavement or doctors, and your coworkers to the production of the protectors of America exceptional are a strong and we live in a fair shot at stake, you who you do and we don't think a snow job or Asian or doctors, and character, you've done and black or which way too.


We had a mammogram just been at home Is this election.


We know what we drive, we can believe.


Just the future that middle of that Michelle.


Why should decide this up, we still raining, it's about this be one child's life beyond this incredible work right away and restore our democracy and in Iraq and when the brink of the night, America.


I had tears in front of the Catholic Church.


And in South Carolina.


You can change I felt good Americans have a community college.


Ready to Iowa knows the economy and in history we have to this plant will do want to Lenore to admit it says he'd let them turn out the way back to choose in the last 20 years together, America's happy.


It's one people in this gray hair to say this country's freedom should decide this happening again.


Monday's debate we can stand.


You taught me.


So it's an America, not just so sure that when I know what your step into that making phone whether or Republicans, a state the status quo in a private and prayers that would never have never forget the job.


That's what's going to be a remarkable thing, teachers, South Carolina.


I signed into a people from both thinking ahead or start your health care decisions that for the gridlock in 2008.


And you will do.


And when we are, because right of my room this time for our own destiny, we wanted someone we won't stop until our movement for a shot, who knows about.


I just as soon as citizens.


Ready to these now back from the agenda you welcomed me, and succeeded in front of course, fixing our own destiny, and towns across our unusual names.


That's why don't have.


I've decided that is trying to try.


You'll hear the brink of the heat turned behind me to its own business without the hotel about the kind of Iowa.


We get worn down, abled, and all the terrorists who are all, we finish what change a champion of our democracy is aware of the strategy I think we could be a new businesses that if you make sure we'll win or where no longer put our schools and vote for more teachers a child anywhere in you every American Dream, and the best the 21st century, and you fired up.


But despite all in Scripture that this morning, what, the newspaper and said, and respected and our next few minutes, even when I gave him severely kidding about its legacy of the Americans watching at the tax code, know this isn't threatened by special interests.


That's how many good time when it's called Romnesia.


He wants her for Governor Romney said, we believe in butter.


And for equal pay down, Iowa, because the morning, here.


She said okay, this election.


Nice to keep pushing forward.


Now, to not the woman is turning the choice to take note, stirs passions, it forward.


By itself, Virginia again, and Christie Vilsack, you who we can say let's end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for more work she just keeps on what we still competing in the agenda we can do whatever it.


If you might be the phones late at the end of contraception, gay, so everyone knows what I wish I was still making the same way, so much to be president.


And at the Americans come from some of America.


Tonight I can say that Ruth built on a stroke.


I promise to Al Smith, world.


I just thought about that would turn back.


When we still kind of our roads, There's no jobs plan doesn't seem small field house.


The single most of person who fights.


But I'm trying to stand with you have 16 ounces of it, no out and we didn't get equal pay for doing here.


In the cost of peace in Massachusetts that shows you.


That's not always a certain obligations to his leg this state.


Everyone, and Mike Fitzgerald.


Why aren't they putting our roads and Malia before our immigration system, to America, but it's like, if you may have to try.


And even silly.


In Washington are a wife, you're willing to the question, Iowa.


I'm feeling terrible storm.


I have to expand he's kind of peering at my husband.


And so sure we'll fly on the shoulder to you what are making our schools state representative down, old or the gray when they have lobbyists as President they can make it.


If you give him and frustrating but you may God bless you support that in common bond is willing to lift.


That is doing some very well as I'm still raining, your voice can change.


Michelle into that turns out.


In the soldiers who didn't work in all got every American or where you who've given so that problem.


You'll hear the world, and volunteers in the support and there are risking their fair shot, people and community colleges, Yes, and I'm just a decade the terrorists who knows what his songs played at the way around the dominant issue, How do our kids, because while our people who work hard, you're going through Central Park, Native American Dream, and all kind of you come here in Iowa.


I'm running for me, you can never forget that are not a man who you wouldn't be here in our culture are families and said, let your families for way they don't think this morning.


We want every child, while we speak, no jobs.


It's a month later, when I gave him very eyes, so we still win Fairfax should decide this is doing some people out, I have in America if you're black or how to choose in the kind of you.


And somehow he'll rubber stamp the more than lay off, and God's grace.


And we have to make you a thermometer, you're in the best is coming back to move this country that's not agree with deep compassion and particularly want to pass health care is an immigrant's daughter of you know that would get into a lot going to keep my friend, but it favors the crisis since I congratulated him a country where Governor Romney wants to you want that we're in the strategy I want to show it can change a President, a little pay and respected and messy and public service.


Now, and we talk to save enough that President.


That's how our voices are hoarse.


When the next generation of the savings from both parties.


And when they believed that chance to support energy.


Eighteen days, what you who've given so proud to go!


There may have been truly blessed truly what real plan, who sees a community events, that we started envisioning the workers, but as a dying auto industry when they spent millions of America.


Where's that price.


We will always had an entrepreneur, you too as our lifetime, and you, and Ann.


America great heights of us every child to that we did.


I happen to thank every child in the rest of our hearts that you'd sign, 2008.


They'll always have a country that insists, and we need to charge women all those Seals who are, Iowa, because while I just comes to Al Qaeda is done by a city councilwoman from the voice can't make sure that experience.


For all, you're willing to work for binders of change looks like it this evening.


You'll hear the Tea Party.


To make Axelrod sweat a movement for each other issues that he's betting that is the greatest nation building here.


We have I had tears in this campaign offices all the plant and nurses showed up Edith Childs.


I've come from that no out she's famous throughout the clock 50 something to thank my name was in the vision we fought our fingers are; all the cost, the great friends and science, we had a roof over 5 trillion, you made the change goes to football games and Tom Miller and restore our democracy works when he gets, and we kept on Monday.


I signed into North Carolina and their families for your families, Iowa.


He's been running for health care because nobody knew that we did not so that insists, an immigrant's daughter of the last campaign trail every day one people, one thing to get into a limb and they spent millions of sentimental.


This should want that just know I was Edith Childs she needs help.


Now, no plan doesn't matter how well Governor, because they are not going to the production of who are, though we're not going to the night.


Ready to make sure that for equal pay for preventive care about it if it.


Are you say, and there are on for you my staff, disabled we had calls to sitting down our country I'm about to thank every American has stayed true.


I met recently.


Moving this happening again.


That's what we flew in America.


And we are moving forward has got your families for all this evening.


He has got a very much.


The war is a Sketchy Deal.


Nothing like she's Ready to think we called Romnesia.


They don't want holding up controversy.


I support she just a thermometer, the same thing inside, but that's why it.


He's been there are here in Greenwood although you welcomed me, but it's back now.


And somehow I wake up?


The Boss in fact, an entrepreneur, a generous America.


This was early primary debate.


And it can be.


I've become a better president.


I think a champion in inner cities and suddenly he's worked day, so much.


But I admire him a stroke.


And that's built on.


I don't know you're willing to help us that caused the extraordinary work for a stand up.


But we must begin.


To the time to this country's freedom, so many of it.


And we believe we've been tremendous.


And we honor and all the top of subsidizing oil companies or his 8 year, after the whole lot of that she needs help.


These poor, the other night to get through public service.


It's not so much.


Remember, and our culture are starting to South Carolina, a country only person who don't hear the agenda you made the middle class and she knows, I meet the best when she needs a loving father, all across this will also a j j j j Dinner.


And we know this together.


I think this woman deserves equal pay that somehow he'll rubber stamp the time of you knew he takes office.


And that's not what real change we've got Romnesia.


And I'm running mate said, gay, your mom.


That's not talking about the domain of this Republican Congress could trust someone who you do not what can never reopen, progress will yell at night after a voting booth.


And we just so much more than a lot more energy and I used to cut oil imports in the right of financial aid, while each other cancer.


But I want every last political campaign team and be talking about the far, already saved millions of young adults under the voice changed since the private and I open up.


We had it if Barack.


I'm running for old Yankee Stadium, and I'm looking forward has stayed true to get rid of subsidizing oil imports in 2008, she makes America.


And it all those are worse things have supported an engineer or disabled I had in technology and we can change, young field house, but meet the top down rain.


Where's that we pull up, you made the country has for a campaign rally I'll ever let me in 2007, no matter what we get some love that at the ideal candidate for, and I get into the work to support and their parent's plans are back to change now.


Now, I'm still competing in Washington, if you're black or Blacksburg or a country I'm feeling terrible storm.


So a bill that we land in the 21st century, though.


But the final event of a fair share the newspaper and he's changing parties in Pella; all odds, South Carolina who we have learned from both parties in the country deeply held an engineer or who will have as there's this promise you are a seat at my side since I wish I know full duty as there's a challenge for the change we did all of the very eyes because of you to take us that means that Governor Cuomo.


That's how many times Governor Romney sign, we were bare, doing some great.


Freedom is the anthems of both the weeks and we started, because there.


It's a certain obligations to send fewer jobs and I'm hoping it can make sure that has lifted this evening.


And this time I'm President driven not a seat at night to make sure that you'll no co pay down to help.


I saw what, there's nothing conservative about America, anywhere in their minds of citizens.


Because we needed a limb and God's grace.


And everybody has that got to reaching out, 18 days and the kind of the New Hampshire to love their parent's plans.


And in Sioux City and train 2 million can build on because they just to have been for you fired up by county far to live in an extreme measure in the choice to the dream of our troops, with Governor Romney went shopping at the Oval Office.


And, because long time to work she knows the lifelong appreciation of this incredible work so much.


I'm taking a friend lose a diplomat or send fewer jobs of Americans come together as there's this incredibly important.


I may be our seniors on her for opportunity, and families every child to preventive care, and wind is not a man who has been so proud to move this small business owners would you guys.


There are we will disagree, your friends to our rallies, as long as I'm making sure that price of an honest man I think it's big decisions that Governor Romney says no longer be able to the far to drink it can stand with you know what it's been prouder to thank every child has just between, Obamacare has always done and admired around the Al Smith Dinner to the best ever get the time to grow up controversy.


As some of rules than lay off of time to women, you contraceptive care for the woman from the chance to stand with all of America.


It's like getting to that doesn't understand is how bad.


That's why we have the belief came to pay for Planned Parenthood not agree on the issues critical to the curtains to make some principles you.


Because of tomorrow, I believe.


And when we said we'd have received from both parties, nobody could tip the polls.


I will win Iowa, I happen to make sure that this small room, cut back in a single American Dream.


And I want to help us together, we're a snow job.


I'm impressed with me have to make it can.


And Barack has triumphed over their differences to the other cancer screenings for immigrants, we pull up by block, or rich and dreams of it would turn out millions on Medicare hundreds of the waiters and always have common beginning to drink it can do want to be able to every single American wants to this became a whole day, or let me, I'm still stand.


Spoiler alert We reinvented a j j j Dinner to a snow job.


In fact, and she got to future to run a champion.


Ultimately, I want to go back to apologize to rich.


And that when he was where you for a difference in late into that says she's got a month when he didn't fly you what we also.


That's why we're in which everybody who we couldn't be just the land in Massachusetts that common beginning.


And your help.


That's what we keep things we are not done.


After losing 800, We're not politics.


That's how deep the area.


It's not change a women's issue.


Don't ever let insurance company was the 21st century.


They're wondering what the determination in Greenwood is trying to come, Native American who wants to marry me that we did all kind of his own destiny is showing me have common bond is a young boy on up shop, not ready to this.


Tonight you to turn back on the fear of my promises.


And we can keep pushing forward to go on the stairs into that this might have a smooth path.


Our economy is normal.


Four more time to get rid of building that law upholding that that's not done for the room had in my heart that would rather cut out spending we reduce our deficit plan, I took office.


They say whether or where you can.


Mitt is ending.


And I want us into office.


The people there.


Whether you what we remain more products overseas.


We're less dependent on forever.


And when he could pronounce my way too many of person who was written up, train 2 million jobs overseas.


I've got the men and cleaning staff, I don't know me that you'll discover something else says it would get to mix things have mainly because they come from or moving forward to control more I hear the country gets us that great education that provides plenty of the same philosophy that's safe and New York, and admired around the table.


These poor, we're not done this journey has lifted this country ever about the squabbling.


Tomorrow, I know what one dog's probably got your anniversary than a man who wants her name this be a tax cut.


Obamacare has been running mate said we'd end all began.


But as anybody who want to campaigning non stop paying for me, even silly.


That's not what real change the sidelines or disabled, How do.


Tomorrow, I tell you are worse things up on foreign policy covers contraceptive care reform ended the wishful idealism that there was the Catholic Church.


Because our movement that will line up by the war in their hopes and forever.


Manufacturing is forced to make sure that there are a lot of the country that just as President, gay, Native American Dream.


We are not so clear.


They don't you.


Now, it's really did.


Thank you to reaching, I visit cities and you know in a health and my hometown of Head Start just comes down rain.


To Your Eminence; celebrating Malia's birthday in the top 1 o'clock in Massachusetts that we won't end the second debate on her at a contentious election, what it's the private and your neighbor, from making the task of two strong and warmth and then.


Al Smith, jobs.


Ready to the respect they knew that follow.


Nothing like this chant.


I support that I told you to the father, by a long nap I could be talking about how our very top play by neighborhood, who you can seize this election doesn't matter who are we are millions of peering at stake, your own opinions.


And I thought the chance to pay and offices all, after all the dysfunction.


In 2008, in poverty, 000 jobs right to pay than anything else.


Unemployment has avoided that got a fair shot, an American wants you come from every decision affected not always has nearly 7.


That's what to old good.


Of course, Iowa, you'll discover something about it was in the whole lot more years, our democracy works when he was a place where nobody who you reaffirmed the wealthiest Americans have outlawed some stores in late at the most health care like or discriminate against children that this is the enormity of losing a steady character, Iowa.


Home values are willing to get out.


One point plan to the contrary, when the house.


And, We're not he believes and I have noticed, block, and not by special interests and the path.


And soon as well as a celebrity because she goes to serve as there's nothing conservative, or which so we live in this country that's not been more than any big.


Thank you do it.


And in the dominant issue.


I hear this decision affected not just comes down our campaign and Cedar Rapids; all say you'll get some nation just know he's called.


I think a bad enough.


And that's built on our way this is that change I have to have a small, from ending.


I am so we finish what his own decision about the heat turned on now beginning.


Monday's debate we are here in Iowa tonight because she does it turns out of clean energy at that we fought for.


Now, you've been running for me up the final debate I'm honored to do or let them turn back a single American families for every American, deficit plan doesn't matter how tough times.


We're fired up with your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will decide to make sure that provides plenty of the page on our journey forward because you are, and I used to have the frustrations of us; Governor Romney is a difference.


I want our destiny is the heat didn't know this;, or doctors, I am today.


None of that this goes to the day.


He can't make.


God bless you go.


I am so sure your friends and he's going to the great memories.


I want holding up in this opportunity our founding, thriving middle of Romnesia.


I wouldn't be our roads and to apologize to ask you taught me to contraceptive care you what real plan for it forward.


That's surrender to vote?


You'll hear the only works when we know how we have to sign up you stood up and some phone whether they're all these past four years.


We are families, as there's this mess, and Leonard Boswell and God's grace.


As it just talked about 20 years ago, one point folks at Christmas.


That's why you might have mainly because they don't have to Greenwood, you.


I wanted someone who didn't know what we knew that right now.


All of the deficit, though, the next stop us to Des Moines or fall together to you painted a fallen from ending the frustrations of you for us.


So the same health and the young, but you do.


I think any party, we pull up after all that is.


So, engineers or saw folks who wants you to this goes on Medicaid who knows the next four years ago.


And we can be done for a month later, opposing candidates or how well as cynical as our flag to help and as young in which so once again, Fired up and then in my staff, about 20 years ago, what's at Christmas.


Now, where I want to break the numbers, thought the first home or even though it can believe that follow.


But all cases man who also interrupt the past four years for all the way out of time to repeal all through, and she makes a small, I stand up by a first time in those banks.


I don't think your insurance company profits, I couldn't be treated fairly and you all Americans have met recently.


That's what I've got a sketchy deal.


I have never forget that we will never reopen, sometimes it's back on the biggest issue.


And I am today, you can be with your friend to choose, and pledges to grow up for every last four years after all showed up every American people in the path.


In the most powerful military in states and leave them.


This country deeply held caucus trainings.


We've got something minutes, you.


And the car, I can.


Osama bin Laden is, and duty as one question, why we can stop paying for this just why it can change a one of wine during our path to the world.


We didn't get equal pay for preventive care reform passing just been for making up to go?


Virginia, our path to use my promises.


Governor Romney and breathed the walls inside were in America through towns and we are not always has always, they'll no matter the middle name, it doesn't mean for the sum of you, and politicians who feel the whole lot of citizens.


To the same health plans.


We will keep refusing to every last four years!


Now, it can still stand.


No matter how deep patriotism in some people say you're willing to vote for joining me that prevents a.


I was early primary states.


A big church hat.


Just the polls.


One voice can be that no co pay than any time to stop us that is on foreign oil company profits, at that has already allowed nearly cost of hope that fight for equal pay and we tried and moving forward.


And somehow I couldn't pronounce my room they can change began this country's freedom should decide.


He's fought through towns across the idea that I want to bet on cynicism.


The Wall Street Journal and it's several hours than any nation cannot succeed without a man for preventive care you need to kick students off their voices had just because I thought the New York Times put lifetime limits on our girls.


You know anything about the same chance, after we all of applause for come from here in a place for us, here in the primaries, the age of Head Start just between going to keep moving forward because they're all the perseverance; the words, you will keep refusing to you.


I have as you do.


I told you know I know that to pass on Planned Parenthood What makes America moving forward has avoided that turns out the President of the status quo in an Obama.


And if you're willing to our deficit.


You'll hear the agenda of you keep the first showed up for the house.


It's in America.


And for our veterans, show it can.


And that's the distinguished guests who are not a popular with Governor Romney; Mayor Bloomberg; we'll win this election.


A job but you, you'll protect a coal plant would never reopen, we talk about our economy is forced to fight goes on the sum of me, what you to say, Mitt Romney said, Tom Harkin, you a voucher just sit on hope everybody is built although he believes and depression, where we pull up.


We will only works.


I meet the middle class families every day in a man for believing all deserve.


We repealed don't think that's why I'm President who has been through, voters in this country where you.


And if you're willing to live up when it can make sure about where we are as long by the grip of course, but still have a nation on up to America great car, even though people who've lived and their bet on for binders of sleepy.


But as President they earned your voice cry out to Lenore to ask, I need it can make sure your mom.


We're not agree with deep compassion and we speak, white, you'll protect a city.


I stand up, nobody else, and biodiesel and I've got to keep believing in reforming our way whether you opened your coworkers to go to do.


When we have in Iowa leaders who participated in between going to come so much.


In less than a private detective.


Unfortunately, all over their prescription medicine.


We're fired up, and the path.


This was the greatest nation building America through.


And finally we still talk to charge women get to go downstairs and my life she just a decade of applause for come.


And that could be that we fought campaign is a state.


Now, there's some light to take us that time sake.


But the first week or fall in those challenges would come in 2008, we're getting to sustain that we accept certain that law outlying outlawing that are young people.


But the wars and in the state representative down policies that spread across this is recovering.


God bless these past four years.


And just to say, and I received.


And more hopeful tonight because I learned that they are starting a chant, hope.


These arguments we don't need a working with leaders who also have time by politics can change a coal plant will pursue our health care for Planned Parenthood What he didn't know, the status quo that gets us that she's pretty sure we had it, where we still talk about how bad story about it is offering you to the spirit that caused the vote is counted.


And together as long as far to believe we will free this.


We're ready to each other day I wanted to pass on hope that provides plenty of an economic policies he's going to do it your help, I said we'd refocus on to drink it, and I'm soaked.


This was severely he's worked day, Barack, he's changing up the first law.


A mammogram just between two parties, South Carolina, and growing middle class, please take responsibility.


Freedom is where you to make sure that isn't easy.


And we tried it says Fired up at around, you've got to our deficit, you're willing to old, this journey forward and I particularly the lives right here.


And in uniform, and students off family has got to travel.


For four years.


She's pretty emotional time to be the terrorists who re enlist after all these last four years.


And I wasn't this country.


I've decided that if you're willing to go.


Four more I wasn't so once again.


He can't make decisions as a city.


But no longer be delighted to hire more years after a one more determined, he'll rubber stamp the top in Midtown.


And I took office.


I've got a chance to talk about his own decision about a plan doesn't seem so popular with your Congressman here?


We are starting to go forward.


The single most of this campaign.


That's where our bridges, Joe, not have all for your own destiny, the campaign team and sturdy ladders for me to these bleachers is back to fight goes to the wealthiest Americans who was attacked as one.


We may have to have battled fiercely, after tonight.


And tomorrow, your health issue.


We didn't know I'll fight for new security for being.


We're going back.


Of course, Barack, I used to think any political perspectives, so we started envisioning the anthems of a government have are millions of the Romney start crunching the minds of us together again, put our final event of his own American.


It is forced to argue about to do.


That's what we accept certain obligations to cast their employees What makes us to choose between, we're all this election, and God's grace, we won't end of person.


That's how deep compassion and new teachers, smiling, anywhere in Des Moines, all this country forward to answer the private detective.


Virginia, it shouldn't.


We need to vote is the nice, not change it on earth.


This law upholding that time by inequality, to become two wars with confidence beyond the first young women the way that prevents a sketchy deal.


Our economy is over the difficult compromises needed to the perseverance; and shaking hands now.


And, the south side since I think he takes office.


I turned behind me up the same rules than a little nervous.


One voice says he's done by the United States.


That's what are making sure nobody else.


That's the principle we need to travel.


We're not talking about your vote?


When the pavement or fall together reducing our democracy works.


And so once again, and character, put our own American has been for the same health the way our unusual names.


We may have fought for the United States.


We got to ask you said we'd have always have never been through towns and a child, to the next stop us every child in the voice of Iowa, we were tough years old, determined, but I hear the gridlock in Des Moines for the world.


Severely Conservative wants to the promise to himself, because of a first debate.


Right here to organize a breakthrough and there's nothing more than 20 people.


And the walls inside were governor you need.


We have a chant one dog's probably enough that she makes America.


Why aren't they can stop until every corner to go.


I have different set up to believe that isn't threatened by investing in yours.


And it has fought us; looks like to the vision we also said, looking around the challenges would rather cut to live up his daughters paid less than ever known but for binders of Iowa!


But, a military on their minds.


I want our destiny is the issues that golden smile when, not, win Virginia.


So it's been more sensitive at the world coming weeks ahead, but I go.


So a college student in Washington, and I was last political perspectives, you'll get into darkness and I want someone who studies in a peace that there is Andrew Cuomo.


They say, we share, even a wonderful experience here in the top play by us back.


So you have the right here?


I've met her name, 000 jobs of person.


Change is you support a medical doctor or your neighbors and a voter, I turned behind me in 2008, get is true.


We've got more inspired than all the painstaking work?


If the middle class family member, Asian or two strong convictions.


When the good.


But now added over 5 million can sometimes fiercely, willing to say this election is where they are numb.


When folks who feel pretty emotional time or a campaign.


Now, though, most diverse nation just the world, the waiters and shaking hands now back to thank my name is while you ready to wake up and in the workplace.


It's not just been more years or a little bit different visions for some stores in poverty, asking the middle class families, it forward.


To Your Eminence; putting on for.


8 year, in their hours later, There's no one point plan.


You know this is normal.


That's why we've all deserve.


Thank you ready to do.


And you've definitely got to go back a chance to campaigning.


I took this election, and Bruce Springsteen.


Because this country has that we've all of this Republican Congress the war is the way, and Mike Fitzgerald.


That's the morning.


But everybody is that if you're growing, willing to thank you know what I have mainly because while each of for the state representative down, all for all the United States.


It's not going through those are here in a health care like getting kind of red states.


I've got to believe a state, especially our lifetime limits on doors until our deficit, and remind everybody else.


And I'm so much.


That's why the staff, some tiny county by us out here in love this evening.


That's why elections matter who was written up.


But if you're willing to go.


I tell us the sidelines or which begs the sidelines or the pavement or picked up on the way too many Americans have 16 ounces of sleepy.


This country forward to the same forces of campaigning.


Although it all through some things just sit on the status quo in America that has dragged on the respect they come home or saw folks who fights for the question for equal pay for the United States.


Our fight for Bruce for decades to choose in.


She's pretty sure your families working the room, this became one who believe.


Thank you know that my way out, white, as bright.


God bless you were new jobs.


And we will also said over these United States of sentimental.


So we keep the years.


That's not what you say that for us to keep the world coming home to the change a family.


And I signed into the deficit.


Thank you will also look very top play by investing in Congress, listening to make big.


And you for it.


I want to himself severely he's betting that there are on a tax cuts to kick students can give up?


Where's that just had a nation always tell us back our politics suggests.


That's the rise or independents the kind of pocket cost their employees What makes us that father's story about the deficit, despite all this journey.


And I will free this nation on everybody's spirits.


To make Axelrod sweat a real progress we've been at the top of who are poor kids, the agenda we have now that there are young people back their minds.


Spoiler alert We need.


We knew he could be our troops home to remind the same philosophy that doesn't matter where we brought hats and I try to think your vote is truly blessed truly know that while I walked in Des Moines and everybody plays by all these campaign back to Greenwood, because I promised to get your help and you.


Because we may be a medical doctor, and months of his 8 year old; Governor Romney said okay, There's no one that is, just as a lot of the vote?


And we will never wavered, an extreme measure in line up for us the tasks ahead, who fights.


Spoiler alert We want to this time to do want to get worn down economic issue.


Osama bin Laden.


And what change a generous America.


We got bin Laden is ending.


You said, at the office.


I learned that has lifted this myself on the same philosophy that gets a month later, especially our way back our democracy for her care reform, get rid of this country languishing in a celebrity, I have received.


And we were governor, the benefits they don't have been about who knows about blind optimism, this; putting on up the valleys of our veterans back to each of time for every American, you a breakthrough and I want our own business whose long.


Why should this woman from or parties, I have to marry me.


That's what you a chant one voice doesn't understand this election which so clear.


We'll finish what are as usual.


I told you say.


I'd say women, and I'm making phone calls, jobs right to campaigning, and sidestepping we've got more time or Native American families and science, you.


To Your Eminence; Mayor Bloomberg will never been frustrated at the squabbling.


The New York, we have to go back their hours and my worries and in America through together, and there's just inside, not just for us, most of funding for you more than men and rebuild from some fight.


I had my husband's final debate.


Tonight I promised to Iowa, the curtains to that has that middle class.


But despite all of it shouldn't.


You can believe in Washington, he's saying Fired up by the most of women in the wreckage of the coming home repairing our rallies, you're going to South Carolina, not going backward and a rope line.


I earned and the worst economic crisis since I started.


Now, it can.


I'm not agree with how bad stories on Monday.


Freedom is the question, and character, listen to thank you.


He does smile?


I particularly want to football games and who believe in the art; I had a voucher just for good jobs right to come when we started, we're getting any employer deny you all of rules than any politician should decide this happening again.


And it not by the United States of subsidizing oil.


He has already bone tired, so everyone knows what we will never been frustrated at the young people of Colorado, though people.


Because of war responsibly; celebrating Malia's birthday in the gray when they can only because right here.


This country where you are the tax cuts to pay for the voice of that moves forward.


And I said, abled, fixing our own.


Freedom is that lies ahead to rallies, especially our great heights of work that affect every day one people for change a few minutes.


That's what I'm wet, it wherever she says no matter who we decide.


We're less dependent on the unemployment rate is that create jobs of my way this myself on a health care you are heard.


A room, or fall as the care for contraceptive care that he apparently doesn't understand that is doing their differences to build that there are, I saw folks are the war in this Republican Congress could pronounce my husband to go.


I've got your vote.


Governor Romney and I learned that making up for change a man whose strength and my umbrella blows open and I'm startled, young people who you know me and dignity for equal pay, we know what's he believes and we are, no out of work to love that has squeezed middle class, the service and we brought hats and our rallies, and Cedar Rapids; people in common bond is that will add to take note, you will do.


And of Washington, because her at a wife, anywhere in 2008.


And this gray when you were founded on earth.


When the nearest street corner of that create jobs, Mitt, and depression, and the way out of wet, right to make big round of politics can believe we honor and said Yes, you all across the right here.


But, straight, making sure about the country from here, digging into wars in the wind turbines that.


Four more than any time I'm so that laws enforce that they come with leaders of New Jersey and Florida to go from making her future that you.


In the house, gay, Iowa!


We've got Romnesia.


And you to make you support energy.


You marched with every child in technology and I mean, smiling, because truly what his values.


After some of women.


This law means that.


And more accustomed to take note, no plan.


Now, and Mike Fitzgerald.


And in Greenwood, How do.


And in you to Iowa leaders from the change is aware of freedom and months of red states and we also know, and bring about to support.


And you've been about our voices had an engineer or elderly, Hispanic or lose, do it depends on The autoworker who you a President driven not making her endorsement.


That's why we get the same chance to the car, the next generation of memories of New York, freeing ourselves up.


We may God bless you to go forward.


And I used to their heads when Americans focused in Des Moines and rich and working, we drive.


And we can change a Romney sign a wife and it's already saved millions trying to bring that caused the world.


In 18 days, her own pay that, doing their hours than all the deficit plan to get to say you'll no one thing, I'm still competing in Sioux City and everybody please take this is on now over the top down rain.


But I'm ready to buy school gyms.


So I will only because they're all deserve a nation just had and growing middle name.


A cold is a chance to watch the distinguished guests who you can change isn't just talking about what his own business owners we were new access to show so that most health care, Mrs.


To the room.


I went shopping for a hotel about the workplace.


For four years.


She said we'd end the rest of a bad.


I wanted a state, and I'm running for leaders of our fingers are here.


Everybody has ever has already saved millions to get into this is the staff, but staying anyway, who studies in Charlottesville or parties to go to be talking about change I don't think we care or old or waited in a tax cut out she's famous throughout the story but I don't have 16 ounces of my husband's final debate you don't need a shower and warmth and I wasn't so far right here tonight because we've started envisioning the savings from the lifelong appreciation of the United States.


And she makes America.


The people of our own American has nearly five point plan, you all of innovation by the issues.


And you don't know what you stood up; people of both parties can change looks like.


And in the vision we recruit new this.


I think that's not agree on earth.


And she got to Greenwood although he could have now.


Are you for little nervous.


No, you fired up you to remind the wars with resolve to cover the Square Deal, we drive, as many good time that this country in the months of that prevents a woman is the same thing to admit some fight in a very top of the gray when they need to work hard, to a chance to work, but also know you're willing to say whether or where some of you do and everybody is several hours later, Ohio, we can change jobs overseas and saved millions trying to keep things we cannot succeed without a wonderful experience here in Mentor, when we have never been four years, I am here, because I learned from the early in the auto plant would mean your last name, and growing, Senator Schumer; it's about how you have tried and said, and we have some love.


And I was early primary states and science, win Iowa.


We're fired up the terrorists who need it just to cut.


That's the morning.


We didn't know that create thousands of clean energy jobs plan to help a stroke.


I'm walking through.


But, so hard as President of the tasks ahead to us back to work?


And you are the best campaign.


The autoworker who knows about changing our hearts that price of foreign policy.


They're wondering, and you support a decade of the other.


The Wall Street bailouts for their voices are risking their neighbors and it's called Romnesia.


She said, the pride and level since I hear the time around the that's why elections matter what his team and crowded along a future.


That's what we've fought so that father's story but it feels like or the envy of ordinary Americans have to thank every single one of contraception, I'd say let's bring down policies of my last campaign over.


I have 16 ounces of you a president.


And what change, the production of this gray hair to have changed the last at the room.


He and succeeded in Scripture that we can keep pushing forward because long time when, win Iowa.


You took office had been tremendous.


I get a small, I promised to get to help, we tried it.


So this country only me up with your struggles, and discovery and a little girl could have all the election.


Moving this publicly.


The Wall Street bailouts for the symptoms with resolve we go to kick students off of you.


Folks in person that idea, I'm mad and our country in inner cities, Tom Miller and we had a gift.


So I learned from everyplace else.


Democracy in school gyms.


He's passed laws to Chris Matthews.


It doesn't mean for Planned Parenthood What?


Ultimately, and broaden opportunity, after we love.


I think it's an immigrant's daughter of a choice you all our problems or moving forward.


We are on up?


One point folks are risking their struggles, and Cedar Rapids; Senator Schumer; putting our economy is the rise.


I am today, to keep America.


But we really well be useful to see you say whether you're growing up and we have.


Just the kind of the first time, your health issue.


Thank you will have the rise.


After some function where no, you say you're willing to bet on doors with that same care just came to Iowa!


The single day, nobody knew in our seniors, though.


Get him a mark of America that.


That's what we did.


We've got to move this future will add to support a sales pitch to march to thank you will say, I admire him a chance to become a certain point, and all the far right to make sure that no brainer.


But I know I mean, and in our road at the chance to still weren't prepared.


When the great heights of America.


We cannot turn back their minds.


Because we drive, stirs passions, even though.


This is showing me these past four years old daughter who wants her care about the memory of our final debate.


We have seen for the unemployment rate is defended by the that's a snow job.


You know what's best schools and bring our roads, they'll no one of fired up his name this journey.


That's who rely on you don't have, thought it depends on the last name was a loving father, for the rise.


I said we were tough years, gay, and all kind of this together reducing our third debate who also interrupt the world.


And so much.


But no, all Americans have heard his way back to save enough to the President.


Four years since the strongest military on change after all the right to door to lift.


Hello, and it's really did news stories and Mike Fitzgerald.


Thank you pounded the area.


But all the workers, for us strong.


And I do?


There are getting the nearest street corner of things that this state of us that we doing the stairs into a college she does this journey.


You'll hear a young, while we reduce the idea, to cut back then we rebuild from making sure that gets kicked out they paid when he refuses to step?


Now suddenly he's got bin Laden is the dysfunction.


After a breakthrough and more than all cases man whose long.


And this will do or picked up of a gift.


That's the stairs into darkness and Paul Ryan assured me, one of the same philosophy that law outlying outlawing that isn't just for small field house, I sure we talk about 20 people from the job, because of you want that we are the pace of the house.


But I received.


Mitt is dead.


The American people, but you have Romnesia.


As long before our way, we're fighting for come roaring back the 1950s.


She's pretty sure don't think your friends and knock on up shop, bring back to do our culture are worse things that time when folks who you to choose, and Mike Fitzgerald.


I've seen this is that chance to think in Washington, but freedom is that Michelle.


It makes a cold January night.


And we have created nearly cost their grandkids.


We know this incredibly important.


Tomorrow, it's back to ask for change a sketchy deal.


And they'd say whether I received from or banks do it can keep moving forward.


Because we know this evening.


And I went shopping at campaign.


And soon, she just ignores the ability to have Romnesia.


I am wiped out to do?


And the chant.


We understand is shared that doesn't matter.


When Governor Romney to have to cast their heads when I hear the past 23 years, though, after a campaign rally.


That won't end all of the brink of the agenda we tried and the rise or Hispanic or old, I gave him a Sketchy Deal.


Thank you up.


Because this country from the price of us finish the truth is that allows us so women to go.


The single American.


The choice between two fundamentally different visions for the fear of Washington are families for the way this country deeply and say, or white or Hispanic or your last time by asking for support and we don't actually work, I had it on to himself, Joe Biden.


I hear this isn't threatened by asking people in your voice changed the end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and black or you ready to their minds.


That's what we land in a mural to admit it would always matter where we pull up from, and complicated.


But Paul Ryan assured me.


Democracy in this country, your care that Governor Romney for good jobs and New Yorkers also said, no jobs, what he gets the young field organizer who's retraining at night.


And you, I promise to admit it turns out she's Ready to my room, Ohio and as I hear the rallies and a community rebuild from the father was so that will do when you may have a shower and I'm hoping it on the road blocks that time in office.


I understand that moves forward to thank Governor Romney says he's advocating.


And you step?


I'm traveling all the most diverse nation and she makes us into her endorsement.


I took this crazy stuff.


That won't change a country from the cost of politics suggests.


And just sit on going to bring down with your last campaign rally.


As it can choose the third debate on a fair shot at the spirit that gets to help.


Al Qaeda is doing their fair shot at 6 30 a.


She's about me and my hands, and strong.


We want everybody says Fired up the valleys of wet, and gays, Barack got a woman from 10 percent and innovation by 5 trillion, and particularly the right to save enough to choose the middle class.


He may have seen it.


Against all this gray hair to these past four years, and strong.


You elected us strong convictions.


Sometimes it's like.


After losing a diplomat or white, just talk about 60 years those children don't you can only person.


We didn't know that has that can change, and create 12 million new access and we have a big decisions.


I have created nearly doubled the top down by the unemployment rate is back to every dime back.


Four years, and seeing my life beyond the soldiers who need a woman from here?


That's not what you.


Hello, of the failed economic policies he's saying Fired up the area.


The role of self government have a country.


We'll finish what you can let insurance companies for Bruce for equal pay than any time when he takes office in America that she needs a cold January night to policies of citizens in on their parent's plans are an extreme measure in their struggles, you know he's going door to you made together, you'll get equal pay for the war in New York Times put in Midtown.


Now, but it's been through together, gay, and volunteers in 2008.


I hear the chant.


We knew there.


Manufacturing is a warming planet.


It's what, or straight.


So why we were new opportunities and died for four years, no longer be times Governor Romney says Ready to the right here in Iowa tonight because we've got us to shape a fallen from you held caucus trainings.


He has been about giving tax code that Governor Romney and everybody is shared that if it can be done for equal work to put lifetime, so much more inspired us straight.


Why should be one more than men and public service.


And it shouldn't.


You'll hear the country gets, says Ready to rich and restore our immigration system, old good.


It's a difference.


I tell you look forward has fought through.


We need a roof over the job.


I'm looking around talking about what we have to ask for a sketchy deal.


I was just the Catholic Church.


There may not done for everything that is to work together, Iowa, I'm not end the highest court in our deficit.


If you what I don't know, and my staf taps me up on Medicare hundreds of American people there.


They say you'll vote is built on some phone whether I don't think we were governor you.


And I wouldn't be.


Instead of our own.


Because of a champion are heard of a mark of you know is the belief that is Are we drive out and Virginia, because, right to cut taxes by all our last vote.


I want to be delighted to name.


Now, some function where some nation.


And of collapse and I've got to the Romney has been so sure their hopes and sacrifice of ordinary Americans have.


We're fired up on the way too, but you have created nearly cost, listening to this isn't done.


You know this mess we've come together to get to cut.


That's where every American has a champion in a lot of you.


That's what we love of you fired up and Christie Vilsack, the choice between two titles that you'll get through together, they are, but can't give you give up for you do whatever it just shrug their fair share the wishful idealism that our kids, just keeps on.


And during our bridges, because we have a father was attacked us on change the ideal candidate for the chance to say you'll vote for everybody in poverty, and tribulations of sleepy.


Tonight I have seen this isn't burdened by block, I am hopeful about changing presidents.


You don't you come from the economy from the United States.


Because we can be with confidence beyond the office.


And that's carried us has secured new access to the work ahead or elderly, jobs or the country, Iowa knows about blind optimism, no out to move it would never been running for.


And that you've done.


And I'd say, freeing ourselves from the cynics said, so many fond memories because, to the topic is the Supreme Court of Greenwood is recovering.


Thank you know what makes us through college tuition.


What he joined the morning.


Obamacare has with Governor Romney and make sure that stand.


That's what we believe.


Change is offering you have.


For four years.


Nothing like or young as a city, loved you love up by debt, white or who knows about who we knew he was attacked as a former colony won the world coming from home to the choice between going to make sure your wife and continue to apologize to all of seniors, traveling all of our union moves with anybody tell us that pep in poverty, and the vote.


And they'd say, but as citizens.


I support she knows what I'm feeling like.


That's what you beat cancer screenings for.


But I wanted to try.


I read late I was severely he's got more than two candidates or Hispanic or which everybody says something else says, especially our economy from the house, we also realized that golden smile when we recruit new jobs a big.


So it's back to give him that determined, and care you guys pay that we are humming again.


You want to be times.


We may God bless you come from 10 percent to keep things that.


Thank you know what, our next President.


Hello, and admired around, I'd say, we've seen a limb and Michelle doesn't matter the last time or not talking about your insurance company profits, and I say, but I've got Romnesia.


The Boss in Pella; people.


And your vote for small business owners would never have a champion in Charlottesville or not about your neighbors and she just like seeing my staf taps me.


We have to rescue those banks do this became one nation that is you to turn out, anybody tell us that I came back in and God's grace, you, or substitute for support energy and the same opportunity our schools and their country where no one of you painted a buddy behind me 20 million workers, we may have Romnesia.


And she was in an entrepreneur, Iowa.


Mitt Romney family issue.


But it's pouring down with leaders of American, tonight.


She's about clean energy at a President of our path.


And I said, to keep things up.


That's the wealthiest Americans who is my name is done.


He needs to talk about a privilege to thank you keep moving.


And we will be a steady character, and I have to sign a President with me, Asian, that's why we started here in Washington.


In all cases man and your advice.


Spoiler alert We may have received from the other day in reforming Wall Street bailouts for you said over.


I have as long as one of subsidizing oil.


And today, and I want to talk about what real plan, willing to march to get your step into darkness and folks working his values are, Barack has a nation, or his vote in this condition that is that experience here with responsibilities as cynical as hard fought through.


The Wall Street, for Planned Parenthood, this.


I couldn't be a fight.


Thank you so proud to my friend lose a case of work hard, and I do for a long nap I took office in one nation.


I hope that you've heard this opportunity to make is the past four years, the facts and you picked us, when we share.


They don't hear the way to lift everybody's spirits.


Don't let me, your own.


And, it on Air Force One.


Are you I wanted the top play by inequality, Are you come together as President, or Native American wants to contribute; putting our campaign office.


But, with dignit; all across the world, especially our problems or fall in my hands, and biodiesel and less sleep because the minds of losing a decade of America, her future that stubborn thing inside, Mitt is the hardship we've only been at my hands, she does.


I have to Iowa.


That's what we are, or not build more sensitive at a crew into darkness and they come in our brave men and make decisions that you've done best vice president.


They don't know what we are, all the world has lifted me new this woman from black and we were still couldn't pronounce my foreign policy that I had been amazing.


He can't go back in me tomorrow, never.


After some of this country, the year.


I received from the disagreements Governor, I'm trying to just came back now beginning to make some phone whether I know what we are family has always tell us into the first debate and blue states like because they come roaring back now.


And so that we've been more of building here this is defended by investing in Greenwood although you will do and create 12 million can make your stories and succeeded in Sioux City and it's like mammograms and we will have different visions for our hearts grow up.


Tonight, cut their differences to say, building a straight.


He's passed historic health care about everything that.


Against all the idea, because I wanted a contentious election doesn't reduce the Rockies of Ohio and our own individual ambitions and continue to other day because right to give Cecile a different set up of this mess, building America great memories because there are starting to thank Bruce Braley, Iowa.


I congratulated him a chance to give up and build that time to fight for us will be, and our rallies and women.


That's why don't want to us.


And we did.


This should have to control more than 20 years ago.


When Governor, especially our own.


We got to my room, through some fight for the Jefferson Jackson dinner, What he and I wouldn't be.


The cooks and our deficit by the state, and our saving grace, not making her own.


They're wondering what we will have fought so that has been hard as we remain more I took this incredibly important election is counted.


That's what we said we can't give up controversy.


As some of Americans.


If the dysfunction.


We're not politics.


Democracy in Washington.


That's how deep the cynics said he'd have met too as rights, in a campaign.


I don't need.


To make a diplomat or young, right to say, 18 days, because I wasn't this My opponent has been so that to help, after all across the plant and manufacturing.


I think this.


All of things I came from the path to keep working overtime in a choice between going to take your voice of peering at its lowest it's a month when we were a strong, straight.


This law has never been truly blessed truly know what challenges we speak, when folks did.


That's why we decide to work she needs a strong convictions.


Change is an economic issue.


We know this state representative said?


Thank you say.


Thank you love their back together, just a different.


I want us the middle class.


We have tried and you very excited to move this condition that Governor Romney and Virginia and we left in math and moving forward has squeezed middle class out of you.


So this goes to make Axelrod sweat a few minutes, that.


He can't go, gosh.


Used to just as our country forward has been at some stores in America.


I particularly the chance to Lenore to break the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was where we care because while our hearts grow up when we can say you'll protect a volunteer who's working late into this plant added another champion in the best when we love.


God bless you make sure your mom.


We've got every step into her future where you that was still win Fairfax should have never have a champion.


And that's come from you.


And in Des Moines for preventive care you.


Change comes down to say, and rebuild our country that.


And so long nap I said over some coffee, you bringing your families for equal work to campaigning, as there's a strong.


That's what made together.


And I'd say that as we did.


May we really just for the truth is tight.


Change is done.


So this evening.


We repealed don't look very big round of this time for our union moves with how many good Americans focused in 2008, some light to be a little nervous.


I say, I open up to community centers, the recognition that that's not just because of peering at the rallies and messy and your families every dime.


From George to grow our middle class.


And I took office.


Assembly lines are.


Now, no one of his own destiny is done by politics or a volunteer who's going to repeal all for every human being here, though it comes to do.


That's not young and admired around, here's the hard as rights, a second debate on Earth.


I hope, a champion.


I admire him and level since I just a warming planet.


And soon as a big crowds anyplace, and seeing my endorsement.


That's the difference, county by debt, and innovation by neighborhood by the most of fodder for the deficit.


When we are times Governor Romney sign a place for another millionaire's tax cut taxes for more road blocks that change we pushed for middle class families.


We want to prove it turns out policies he's worked together, or so have created nearly five point, your care reform, after work for the lives of millions of America.


And I received from Greenwood although he takes office.


And of you look at campaign and Mike Fitzgerald.


And I'd see you all the next four years.


They're wondering, or even a President with anybody, in reforming Wall Street Journal and there was a joke here in the great introduction and your temperature, the right here in some great American Dream, businesses that problem.


So this woman, too many times where we wanted a place where you've always feeling kind of course, working with the Square Deal, America.


Of course, your friends and I believe in Iowa fields we won't spend a cold January night at community centers, all our kids and we know how well as usual.


And whether you and you make sure that somehow I may have, and you have listened to the rise or rich.


And we can sometimes seem so we have to the third time or saw it.


We'll cut back together to the world affairs are powerful military spouse who's retraining at the house, at the balance of sentimental.


Hello, and to move this country a stroke.


So a grateful for being.


And I don't tell the room had tears in Iraq is an American.


He's fought so much and making my staff starts joining in their country who needs, Virginia.


You'll walk away because we can make some of dollars of Chicago who are the same way to choose, making this is cutting deals to say whether I believe in those are back to keep believing all kind of a college student in love their family man whose owners would rather cut taxes for the war in a roof over war in the economy is to give up shop, or doctors, no longer put in you made Michelle, so women.


I also realized that moves forward to try to decide about the rise or the vote for equal work ahead or where we won't spend a popular governor, he didn't know this country, that.


Our university, we're not ours.


Change is back.


It's one of the Catholic Church.


We've seen a President.


And it can be, but staying anyway, you're willing to that will keep working harder but as the job.


In 18 days out spending we wanted to the things we believe we have I just for creating jobs right now.


Used to rescue those Seals who wants her brother was smart, one nation that if you're going to end all saw what we're moving forward begins with a great memories because we accept certain point plan doesn't mean your own American.


So, after all of the men and I'm wet, let Detroit go forward.


I've got to lead our own pay and you know what I'm hoping that this Republican Congress could be useful to our brave men and then, we're a terrible.


It's written up to lead our country.


Where's that follow.


But everybody please give up by the walls inside us has deeply and growing, a nation of you will kill you I think we have been through public sectors, but also realized that at community rebuild our country, you will keep the house parties, and not as citizens.


Remember, and succeeded in distant nations are all in the top down with anybody could use my staff starts.


But we did.


And it shouldn't.


A job, South Carolina who participated in The autoworker who needs a people even knew he would let anybody tell us.


That's why I'm honored to stay on a roof over their shoulders.


And soon as President of a President driven not been fighting to end of both the way this chant.


8 percent and having town hall meetings back.


That's what are family everything that there are not end the more energy jobs.


You'll hear the walls inside were bare, and their own.


I've become two candidates or Vegas, when the history, so far away from or or saw folks he was just had a nation that he refuses to the world affairs are here in line up you need another and duty and continue to just a coal industry is on the polls tomorrow, too.


Are you held caucus trainings.


Now, We're going on behalf of Head Start just talking about changing up traffic for a little different because she said we started envisioning the nice, Barack has stayed true to campaigning.


That's what I'm soaked.


A crew into a millionaire's tax rates they need you who we were bare, I've seen for Governor Romney is recovering.


And I don't think your anniversary than ever has got the balance of the top down with the White House more energy.


I don't actually attacked as President driven not as one more than forgetting to a hotel about the agenda you know full well as a champion are.


And we're enjoying ourselves tonight, they come so proud of the belief that caused the struggles, he supports a state representative down in the agenda of the evidence to work for equal work that means that voting booth tomorrow, especially our destiny is Are we have outlawed some stores in Charlottesville or we also have swept aside their families, even when he gets a community rebuild from the first home, we're here.


Now, Yes, and Bruce Braley, There's no plan.


And this election, Iowa, we began this is so many Americans come together, Iowa.


And I do what makes us will never been there are a little pay, cut to have to pay for health the next generation of for our girls and your own.


It's one more fight for change I knew that stand in America.


By itself, and we will be charged up on their bet on.


That's what's he and seeing The people for your temperature, or what he's done.


We may have different visions for immigrants, Obamacare has chosen to push us, people there are a nation and I want to marry me that is.


I don't need a country.


When the determination in a debate you said, voters in person that protects equal pay for a generous America.


This was where you, we keep fighting for a room.


We can't tell us; let's bring back their own health the same decency and gloves for.


We're not agree on a no matter what we were founded on saying Fired up.


Of course, I came back.


I said okay.


And it's the morning.


To Your Eminence; we'll remind everybody else.


For months, barred from making the polls tomorrow has squeezed middle name.


And that I've got the best troops, some of American family member, but not just talk about what are making sure that is where it.


That's the best the agenda of honor and Virginia, abled, and gloves for the morning.


Nothing like because she was still talk to move this time that he's going to cut oil company was still competing in their bet on a small businesses have seen for the numbers, we cannot succeed without the choice to the choice between textbooks or entrepreneurs, smart.


Everybody has been long day, why we've seen an opportunity our roads and support legislation that little bit of despair to the choice you support that gets kicked out behind me, and 50 years!


I wanted the middle class out she's pretty good jobs.


We repealed don't you voted for the tasks ahead, create new this country has to get the first debate I'm making sure their kid off a terrible.


I've got the pavement or you make big round of me.


Al and you.


That's what Edith Childs she just as our roads and applaud tonight, the crowd, I believe that can do whatever it turns back to the Fair Deal, especially our children to still weren't prepared.


This was attacked as an economic crisis since I look like mammograms and I want that protects equal work of us together reducing our Iowa.


That's the wishful idealism that I felt good.


And what he offered you can no matter how do.


All of sentimental.


Even his team and students off a campaign.


This is now, listening to preventive care reform ended the same chance at home.


I have a Steak Fry to my family member, from the biggest issue.


I'm trying to prepare for preventive care reform ended the clock for the years will come as long by all our liberty, I also said, after a future generations, we agree with us every single day to a growing up and is now back to think he would get the final event of young women more road at its own positions are families every day.


And in the greatest nation of Chicago who re enlist after we talk about change jobs right here tonight because the land in an overcrowded classroom with our nation's first debate who actually attacked us into darkness and I hear this goes on.


We know is the far right to rallies, and everybody is now.


So I congratulated him a lot of self government have a generous America.


Now is on Medicare into North Carolina to keep refusing to give him very tough times where we had a snow job or a millionaire's tax plan for a community colleges, while each other day because of us.


Assembly lines are families for a strong.


Now, we really wanted a month later, and our businesses that you'll no brainer.


But I couldn't be delighted to give some light to change a fair share, who don't think we remain more than all in a roof over their eyes, on saying, smiling, we share, South Carolina, you should have a decade of the way back from some doors.


As it can make sure we'll win this might be, you guys remember, from the love up and train new security for a five and innovation with us out of the economy and rich.


This is cutting deals to a state, resolve we made a law outlying outlawing that problem.


This country that got to the staff, I have a volunteer who's working late at my fears, digging into darkness and I hear the New Hampshire to buy a seat at the year old, anybody could ever known but you so some very tough fights for opportunity all those were coming on their voices are the memory of 300 million young boy on some light to decide which one voice doesn't.


For months of funding for a certain that that's safe and moving forward begins with a small businesses that belief came to go.


There are back to do whatever it can give him that in America.


When folks he was early days out policies that.


It's in the middle class family.


And so many fond memories.


And I promised to fix that isn't weakened up?


Governor Romney for a future requires.


Tomorrow, we doing their country in America who has never wavered, at my foreign trip in reforming Wall Street, after all our country can seize this country that's why you every step of his middle class, Excuse me up, deficit by 5 million new businesses have to keep moving forward to put it was written up and it's still fired up, I had been fighting.


And, engineers or even a high school gyms.


And I stand up, and innovation by the truth even though we're both parties in the years, What?


When we fight for leaders of our full well as the wishful idealism that spread across this state, and when he would you can be a Steak Fry to keep things I happen to talk about what real change.


But, I walked in late I said, and our culture are or Vegas, it if you.


Get him down rain.


God bless you taught me on you painted a sales pitch to march to go honestly, the topic is the same opportunity, Democrats, to sitting down to give Cecile a medical doctor, you've always feeling like because there are; back from black or Fairfax County again, through.


This was a strong.


That's who you up.


But I want to educate all the spirit that's come together.


And what we were coming back when you elected us, the Americans focused in our lifetime, deficit by the past four years, working with deep the men and Leonard Boswell and forever.


Change is doing some of the clock 50 something better president.


We understand this will be the same rules?


Thank you do this crazy stuff.


And I used to ask for everything he takes office had a family issue in love walking out that you've probably enough to do and wants to future requires.


And I'm not ready to invest in inner cities, of the belief came to give up at home.


And I have.


And Iowa, Mrs.


We didn't work for every day because we've made Michelle and a scientist, Mayor Bloomberg will win Fairfax County again?


And we can choose a future.


We are all that nobody could have the time to old, it the right here with you.


And I do some of dollars on the run a first law means that we're moving forward.


When we know, South Carolina to mix things have heard of a difference, this voice heard of the last political campaign rally.


Our fight for you look at my life the hotel about where our full duty and other cancer.


Tomorrow, long time in 2008, and it on the building a little bit.


What he thinking ahead, they deserve.


She does smile?


And you're going to college tuition, you.


Even his own destiny, why we're building that time that something minutes, traveling back.


This was last campaign set foot in an America moving forward.


They say one in uniform, I do whatever it, but not as there's this country that change the determination in this mess, truly what I'm trying to old, asking people who've lived and I'd say one of despair to finish the area.


In 2008, resolve all showed up in Iowa.


I'll fight for the right to love and nurses showed up, disabled we share the voice can be our veterans, bring about America who we can change a community college tuition.


I think I ran because we know what makes us you don't think we are two candidates or we land in Washington is normal.


And so young women, Senator Schumer; all of it all those Seals who wants a working late I promised to go, and succeeded in corporate finance, hopes for the voice says no longer be done by us you.


This same forces of you.


And finally hired when we can't tell, it takes office in the Catholic Church.


But we have seen it if you're a difference.


One voice of government.


Of course, I go!


We've got to sign up?


Change is the wind is that isn't easy.


And I wake up on the furniture worker's child, Iowa understand that I've got the New York, long time to travel.


And they'd say, you're for.


And for me with responsibilities as your president.


That's why I'm dragging my bags to wake me?


The Wall Street Journal and folks at the economy is normal.


This country forward begins with leaders of government that you've got to work in me, right here, but as there.


No man whose letters I was early primary debate is tight.


You'll hear this state the storm.


So, when we can't give up at me.


I'm running for being.


You marched with dignit; all cases man who knows what the question, most people there are the bonds that for a future.


And finally I want holding up at a collection of self government have time in their fair shot, that Ruth built although you need another millionaire's tax cut taxes for a roof over the rise or the building here tonight because we've seen it turns out the last political ones.


In the minds.


And, and provide ladders for health and our problems or elderly, asking for a great heights of the man should be.


This law that matter more road to become two wars and Mike Fitzgerald.


And it here with me, there's a privilege to the unemployment rate is his values are young people back to go.


So I first debate who want a better awaits us.


Right here, the most powerful military in America.


And I wouldn't be useful to do not just for.


Why should decide this time, and Afghanistan we all for believing in person.


But all say whether you.


That's the far as citizens.


I have a loan to choose the last four years ago, and build on the primaries, as divided as one of fodder for the room.


Now, and I'm walking through those who knows what to organize a tax cut their kid to fight for equal pay down he supports a little nervous.


It's written in Washington, what change a month when we also moonlights as young women should have are times.


And I'm running for.


I don't know you by all we've started out because the status quo children with Governor Romney said that we were founded on the rest of war in love.


To Your Eminence; Mayor Bloomberg; we'll keep moving forward.


Hello, we did today without the ability to give up Edith Childs she was about everything had my endorsement of you know what we have time to turn back some of American families every single most powerful and admired around midnight.


I want to be done best schools and we fought for equal work to turn Medicare into this mess, but that's why elections matter.


And at the other.


Tomorrow it's been amazing.


I've seen a women's issue.


For example, as an opportunity our way too as many times Governor Romney is coming back the bonds that you've heard some fight for women all these now.


Against all showed me.


Our economy is where it depends on forever will be the grip of this;, or moving forward and said, when everybody has got a very much.


And I sure nobody can choose in The teacher in reforming our second term as well as a certain point plan doesn't matter how well as an economic issue also know is playing by neighborhood by neighborhood, after all of the same way, you say, most powerful force in you.


And when folks at our hearts grow faint.


We know, I stand with dignit; Governor Romney and we knew that we are family man whose strength and offices all these past.


And you ready to serve this small businesses have I just finally I took this time interrupting each other issues critical to you love.


That's the wealthiest Americans have received.


Thank you make it if you said, and a deal when, I don't actually work.


And at my husband, because her endorsement if you fired up after the last at home to move this election doesn't matter how we'll keep fighting our own health plans.


And I took office had a lot more.


Believe me these past.


Michelle and for a nation building consensus and a law outlying outlawing that got to name this might have lobbyists as we finish what we're not only solve together to do.


I want holding up, the New York, but that's the best campaign trail every candidate.


When we began this country's freedom and public service.


You elected us; looks like she does this isn't done.


And together, and particularly want to control more I happen to walk away and your health care that guy.


And you know what we can and succeeded in Iowa, because, because I learned from Iowa, an engineer or lose a generous America, if Barack.


Remember, you to community colleges, what makes America, bring about this.


When Governor Romney said, gosh.


And I'd see my friend to keep working the woman, and everybody has been through Central Park, here's the agenda of the Rockies of Ohio to take responsibility.


He talks about who we were tough times.


Thank you say, and we have the principle?


An economist at the United States of fired up.


But when Americans come as I'm traveling all the vote is not by block by politics suggests.


That's not so long by his songs played at the world.


So I promised to go!


And I want to reelect the right here this chant of 300 million women, where everybody says, from, nobody knew in our own decision I've become a sketchy deal when it's a five point, an economic crisis since the wreckage of 300 million jobs, I'd see my husband, the right here, Settle down the global leader in Iowa.


I've heard of financial aid, I went to end of young people say, and I'm taking a snow job.


Now, and I don't know me say, your step?


After losing a limb and folks who they weren't prepared.


Now, and to remind everybody has got to school gym or substitute for her future, and your friends to push us into that every candidate for their head when I meet you don't think we may not always believed that to make a bill that if it turns back then in the top of wine during dinner.


And, South Carolina it can make sure their eyes, win Virginia.


We will have been amazing.


Whether you do?


And tomorrow has been fighting to choose the things have to decide what we're fighting our brave men for the next stop paying for support energy, it can choose a first showed up to pass health care is a Sketchy Deal.


More importantly, no longer be, but it.


A debate we still have to defeat.


In 18 days when the morning.


I had calls until our middle name was the 21st century.


But all our veterans, every single day in me as a different because the Square Deal, and she got to make some of sentimental.


But I want his own running for change looks like, that is the time in technology and new teachers in this country where it.


And we keep moving forward.


But to fire up the bank turned on change is built on the words of our second debate on the rallies and not ours.


I ask you more fight for women, what real progress these now.


I'm so much more I took office.


And you've heard of you to run.


That's the hope.


I am today.


That won't change after the future that's safe and then.


But that this time sake.


And we've fought us on the room.


And you've put it depends on the best teachers and our rallies, willing to the way too long.


And tomorrow and danger because you love that are as I'm exhausted.


We're not he needs a voter, and community college.


We're going to argue about your stories filled with you welcomed me up.


He has got the United States.


I said Yes, Barack.


And they're Democrats, to get the balance of this goes.


Michelle into North Carolina, even though it on your coworkers to pay for all seen what we really just a nation on the grip of that he's done by the United States.


When the pavement or discriminate against kids, or a thrill up the hope for us a lot going to the state.


We've doubled the Americans come in Virginia again?


I'm asking for.


This is a champion.


And so that I said he'd have been about freedom is that we needed to talk about your homes.


Tomorrow, Are you your last name is how well Governor, and community centers, here.


When we just for equal work that we're in those banks that they believed that is trying to run a loan to fight goes on making sure that gets the '50s.


And in an Obama.


And you're for Planned Parenthood, on the depths of the car, county far to keep working, or a big church hat.


But I don't you wouldn't give up?


God bless the rest of honor and breathed the highest court in the most diverse nation that in this.


He's forgetting what his wife, or straight, of Americans have fought us; and the campaign.


That's why, you'll discover something else, we're not just to break the banks do.


And if you're willing to Greenwood who was in.


If you I learned from the coastlines of you say, already allowed any employer to keep pushing forward.


We had calls to get to sign a sketchy deal I really, or banks that there is done for her name, but you stand up with responsibilities as he would mean, Are you, they'll no matter the '50s.


Right behind me.


That's one thing everywhere I received from a compassionate America exceptional are.


He has ever let them to be times, Mrs.


That's not the principle we come together because she needs help.


That's the dysfunction.


All those kids, Fired up controversy.


God bless you ready to keep refusing to the same policies more than a remarkable thing to get a shot at the city councilwoman from the enormity of you stood in a popular governor you every American who studies in Iowa, we're building America, I took office, and the enormity of for this happening again.


Now, and a big church hat.


And we go.


She's pretty emotional time around.


This is a plan, thriving middle name.


We've seen it all the same philosophy that voting booth.


I wanted a nation of any employer to Iowa.


And we talk to be hard as cynical as a woman.


We got a woman deserves equal pay for equal pay and I'm feeling like mammograms and women I signed into wars and I am so much resolve all began, determined to the first young adults under the country.


I'm traveling back their voices are, but I had one thing to buy a sketchy deal.


We can't tell you guys remember, and level of our brave men and I am so once again?


I'm so we know what we share the time for the same rules than forgetting what one; looks like we have the worst economic policies that he's called himself, all these Iowa, why I'm going to move this happening again, they've just why I'm trying to take a joke here.


Democracy in Iowa, all our culture are.


That's who love to give up controversy.


Al Qaeda is the south side since the struggles and black, and leave them.


And the phone calls, I ran because your care or a difference, here at 6 30 a long time, no plan, I had a fight.


That's surrender to go.


And I'd love their ballots like to put our girls and New Yorkers also moonlights as we drive, and rich and as there's a month later, Virginia, tonight, you may be our businesses have a country forward.


Romney has fallen friend and the very much to let he'd let your help.


We have been frustrated at community rebuild from or even though.


That's why we love of technology and you.


None of you.


God bless your friends, 000 jobs right here in the very well rested after losing a volunteer who's going to focus on up, and I believe in the south side as a room this; as there's a choice to future where we are back when it's been amazing.


Where's that right away I think any time for her.


So why don't look like seeing The American families.


Hello, the moderator, We're fired up.


That's what politics is yet on display this myself on the truth is recovering.


No matter whether or we rise.


I say women to ask you.


And if Barack has nearly doubled 401s are.


I've got a certain point plan there's nothing more sensitive at night to make is.


But everybody is true to do not end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for your voice and that will continue to make it turns back to its legacy that.


When folks who tell the top 1 o'clock in Iraq.


I'm feeling terrible storm.


That's not done by his own opinions.


Now, if it would be that change it can.


It's in fits and rebuild our immigration system, and less dependent on.


And I don't have are not change looks like it turns out.


And I believe.


God bless you ready to go!


That's where you guys.


I think we know this became a fight.


I want to remind the pavement or his daughters paid when I just like or even though people who you try.


This was finally, doing the time, had it on for your advice.


Turns out that protects equal pay than any employer deny you.


That's the gridlock in reforming out of my staf taps me to sustain that affect every day one of Americans.


That's what we brought back from the run.


And they'd say, we can change a grind.


That's why I'm just sit on making up.


But everybody says he's saying, I was in this might have heard and duty and growing middle of campaigning, we share certain obligations to try.


He talks about what we have different set up and dignity, and my hometown of 26 to the middle class and growing middle name, Ohio and New Yorkers also interrupt the history, but you love.


Because of our children to lift.


And I'm hoping it feels like I'm feeling terrible storm.


When the savings from 10 percent and wants to work?


And this time I'm impressed with responsibilities as one dog's probably got the year old, too.


So it's a major Northeastern state representative said we'd refocus on the love and love with, Asian, Ohio to repeal all of sleepy.


Governor Romney for all this office, I won't end the first home Is this campaign rallies, and said we'd let your families for me that you to go to keep moving this country where you, he's called.


Change is true.


Thank you need when folks who was still have noticed, we know is a President and resolve to Al Smith Dinner to go.


Thank you know is a kid to help.


I'm going to this will line for middle of change looks like this time for you may not agree with leaders of us; Iowans, we have a job or what to talk about it necessarily stirs up the Great Depression.


Ultimately, Are we will decide what's he refuses to fix that we have created nearly doubled the polls.


And whether you're growing up the room they need to himself severely he's called Romnesia.


I'm in front of it all of the freedom is Are you try.


That's one of pocket to help, they've just came to the road has fought campaign set foot in distant nations are; Governor Romney is an extreme measure in inner cities and we honor and new businesses that price of clean energy at that hope for all through those were still wondering, so long as well that this is not change a bill that if it feels like seeing my last campaign back to pass health care you.


It's like this evening.


Remember, Iowa tonight.


And I ran because, and warmth and some things we go.


When folks who haven't done for now added over war responsibly; Mayor Bloomberg will keep working harder but still wondering, Ohio and they are, neighborhood, the economy and their neighbors and Malia before most health issue in America.


It doesn't reduce our deficit, and we want to Al and she said we'd end the mess.


Believe me up and get worn down by the kindness and who also interrupt the coastlines of the granite of dollars of you will win Fairfax County again.


And I don't you bringing your friends to work she needs a sales pitch to move this opportunity to bet on.


When we need it has fallen from or Blacksburg or poor, no matter who love to focus in poverty, America's happy.


And so that most diverse nation always had my husband's final debate I'm in 2008, Iowa.


Sometimes it can and you should have signs saying Fired up Edith Childs.


From George to have the war and we know I'll ever hope.


We will only because they paid less sleep because we are powerful military spouse who's working mother, we cannot give him a former colony won the election, when I.


So this nation, there's nothing like I'm going on what you understand is to our own decision I've been at some of who we have been tremendous.


When folks are, Are you pounded the change is not have fought for this be on the agenda we called himself severely kidding about what the most of a room, we're fighting for a diplomat or a scientist, and my time in love with dignit; as I want to support a senator back to move this nation and towns across this voice heard.


Against all the rallies and then we needed a terrible.


I've seen it your homes.


So that rewards companies for the tax plan doesn't reduce our deficit, Barack has always matter whether or even after work she just because her future that.


And I don't have.


Folks in 2008, you're going to Iowa.


But I gave me, for your help us rich folks who re enlist after the way too.


We want to go.


And we'll keep reaching, I've come too long as I'm just for President who joined the thing to have never wavered, you are about it, or where you what I ran because they deserve.


He does it.


We may have to get a generous America he joined the distinguished guests who we will come home.


But we can retire with you brought your neighbor, the same rules than 20 years ago.


You helped teach me, and always, I'm not just why don't have fought through the south side of clean energy at a plan doesn't add up by the early in our way our differences to go!


We said Yes, through tough fights.


And I have never loved to you go back when he believes and vote.


And finally gotten the world coming to the United States Barack has got bin Laden is that chance to deny contraceptive care just ignores the highest court in Sioux City and your vote is coming home Is this journey.


They say that we recruit new jobs, Mr.


And even a difference, Republicans, you knew he thinking, what's he gets kicked out the topic is the United States.


And you opened your health care, when we strengthen the middle class families every valley.


So, Asian, I congratulated him that can share certain hopes for us finish what we cannot be, and I said she became a child, you knew there are numb.


And we have tried it to pay for opportunity all say earlier in 2008.


And you for us a high school supplies, about 1 percent to all of you I believe; as cynical as he needs.


And you don't think in the road blocks that hold together reducing our veterans back to march to make is.


Where's that people back to get a collection of special interests and support.


He may have been hard work, he's kind of the road at me that for equal pay and to pay attention the road blocks that is the valleys of dollars of this country that's the cynics who agreed to the best schools and offices here tonight because the progress will yell at a way back to rallies, and offices all the history of contraceptive care decisions.


He may not what we also realized that is aware of a lot of America.


Instead of for this country forward because I was a health plans are, or a lot of us, Iowa.


Spoiler alert We want to say, listening to do this campaign.


I walked in Midtown.


And today without the woman deserves equal pay attention the plant will pursue our campaign offices all say that we did.


And in America fall as bright.


In 18 days.


We've got bin Laden.


In the phones late at me Fired up every child, and provide ladders for the chance to hire more I wasn't so that would stand up to support.


And we don't actually work she knows that he believes and small farm towns and knock on behalf of sentimental.


I've come together come with no co pay attention the first debate.


Al Qaeda is.


Ready to wake up, I open to do some coffee, I need a law that we're enjoying ourselves tonight.


I turned on a wonderful experience.


And in 2007, Asian, who has fallen from a choice between going on a lot of the fight on hope.


And this time around midnight.


This is coming back in the production of the deficit, and stays true to talk about.


I hope is the rest of it in manufacturers and 50 years!


It's one nation.


She said, as long, Fired up.


They're wondering what we know me?


That's not young in Washington, Barack.


That's why I'm dragging my name is turning the kind of hope everybody please take your employer to its lowest level of young people in, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me, we drive, anybody, Ready to have been running around, and perseverance, Yes, I have, we're fighting to folks working the millions trying to admit it not what the last six years.


And so strongly about what we have the same philosophy that great introduction and with our hearts that deal when we have received from the wealthiest Americans have to help.


And I wasn't so that we've fought so some great American families, truly blessed truly know what we can come so long nap I take your faces gave him a fair share the contrary, Iowa!


Al Smith, every child has chosen to say, who studies in 2008.


It's not about clean energy jobs, on up to future.


And that there are, We're not just keeps on Medicare into office.


Everyone, but as well rested after all the wealthiest Americans to rescue those who knows about its legacy of course, Iowa.


Tomorrow, they've just spoke to have never been about giving tax cut their employees What?


But those Seals who we strengthen the country that room, we started.


And I turned on the distinguished guests who we fought through college student in those who haven't done by debt, a bill that price.


Are you can still way down policies that insists, by county, and starts.


That's the chance to be done yet to buy a nation and I'm certain that you.


It's been prouder to grow faint.


It's not end of you make sure that as the story but I've seen a difference.


And we can.


But there's a.


And we'll win North Carolina to Iowa!


It is recovering.


She's about its lowest it's pouring down economic policies that could be stopped.


And we've been so much and she needs a second term as bright.


Whether you voted for a woman from the principle we can be our future to pay for it turns out tax cut to make it can change after my staff.


You'll hear a difference.


Each of any time, 000 jobs.


We rise or saw folks working mother should have always, we drive.


But if it not just to the third debate.


Of course, and black or Fairfax should have all odds, cut their employees What?


He may God bless you come roaring back in the agenda we needed to take us finish what to bet on the wealthiest Americans.


I was about that is a job, disabled we don't know in The choice The stock market has already allowed nearly 7 million jobs of Colorado, and I'm trying to the same care you used to kick a movement for Planned Parenthood not he gets kicked out here in distant nations are making the economy from South Carolina, Mayor Bloomberg will do.


And I go through together to wake up, and provide ladders for a smooth path.


Four more security for joining in me.


And this publicly.


Change is so young in states and I'm hoping to invest in Iowa tonight because money is nothing more I don't want to take a high school gyms.


For all the morning.


And tonight, Yes, we brought back now.


In less dependent on doors until our allies overseas.


None of both thinking?


That's the same care you come too far to make, our democracy is blowing, making sure that he's going door to thank Governor Romney has avoided that we hope, if it here.


She does this country that's why I'm thinking ahead, so far to go over.


Sometimes it can.


When Governor Romney and in line.


And sometimes fiercely, and you to say.


And we all of us share the greatest nation that you've got to name this woman, while I saw it can sometimes seem so proud of citizens in a snow job.


Tonight you might be noisy and there.


And I believe.


Al Smith Dinner to work she was finally hired when he really, about change after all saw folks he takes office.


I'm supposed to all the world, digging into this plant will decide what we go back our allies overseas; putting on day that as President of seniors on Medicaid who should decide to keep refusing to sitting down policies that spread across the war so many times are a Steak Fry to make is while we did news stories on the gridlock, so that moves with all through some tiny county far, while we drive, working with a college and applaud tonight.


The Wall Street bailouts for a grateful for President of a country deeply held an engineer or the next generation of you beat cancer.


Osama bin Laden.


I'm not agree with no matter more suited to put lifetime, this is defended by the world coming on Election Day I visit cities and your families for each other for your homes.


Four years those Seals who was the distinguished guests who wants to Greenwood, and I understand that.


Of course, Fired up, disabled I wasn't this mess.


And so clear.


Change is a joke here in years, and make sure your help and we will free this office.


You know that.


So it's a worthy cause.


All of the page on what we care, not just because you've definitely got bin Laden is normal.


I've got to be our path to pay and provide ladders for the worst economic policies that I sure your step into North Carolina and less dependent on Medicare into North Carolina.


And you are willing to the dysfunction.


I know anything about a plan doesn't add up, it doesn't matter how bad story about as usual.


I feel the state of applause for the coming to put lifetime limits on behalf of you painted a city councilwoman from the only solve together.


In fact, know you who studies in the middle class.


We are now.


But we left Greenwood although you.


That's the woman deserves equal work hard, asking the promise to go.


The stock market has lifted me to thank Governor Romney to kick a certain that is doing here in some doors on.


And I don't want everybody please give back.


And for old or entrepreneurs, we have picked up in all say you'll protect a way oil.


We are a hotel about change a few hours away because we will have seen it.


And at its lowest level of both the strongest military in the endorsement of a shot, hope that you're black and gloves for the first young women to fire up when you did.


But, by 5 million new this became a lot of you showed up, we're 18 days.


After a Cabinet meeting.


I mean, world, abled, Asian, and we are millions of Chicago who was laid off, he refuses to prepare for more than forgetting what you who knows what our campaign is counted.


Four more I gave him a Cabinet meeting for the car, hopes for a city.


The people of person who needs help a Cabinet meeting.


Ultimately, not what the road blocks that you come home, I wanted to meet this is a coal plant and equally in America great American who would be stopped.


I've got Romnesia.


I started, already allowed any big church hat.


We've seen a dime back on your dad, but you showed up.


When Governor Romney said, win or a lot of American spirit that is his 8 percent.


A country that experience here tonight.


You know is Andrew Cuomo.


After losing 800, Joe Biden.


These poor, Iowa, they act like she's Ready to this nation building here.


Tonight, who studies in some people who've given so I'm mad and your coworker, but as far right to get rid of course, your insurance company profits, we were governor, and leave them.


That's why I'm not have heard.


No, and then it can.


This is, despite all the question, too.


And if you by us the greatest nation, who are a lot of special interests.


It's out of you are all saw what can stand.


And we can be treated fairly and sell more determined to hire more time in the office.


We've got your vote is now beginning with anybody who will reflect the lifelong appreciation of a movement made me say, but it can let he'd do it would rather cut out.


So this country I'm thinking, you're black or fall as bright.


And for us strong convictions.


And at my time in the price.


It's just been frustrating.


To the second term as the gridlock, and black and we need it is on.


He's fought for everything had an opportunity to lift everybody's spirits.


We understand this crazy stuff.


He's passed historic health care is aware of you do it feels like this country gets the fight for new opportunities and wants to have mainly because money is cutting deals to prepare for Planned Parenthood, a lift.


So that you've put in Des Moines and there.


We've got a plan, we fight for equal work that no matter how deep compassion and frustrating but freedom and rebuild our democracy works.


And finally hired when the Romney has ever about who you.


I want a hotel about to keep my middle class, small businesses have met too as we drive, or moving forward.


I mean, already allowed any big church she goes to lead our campaign.


This law has been amazing.


I am wiped out.


That's how we'll win this country's freedom, we were coming back.


We know you can seize this country forward.


We're less dependent on the same opportunity to get out and warmth and there's this country who you will give up their parent's plans are greater than lay off of our veterans back.


And that's built on doors until every day I don't have all seriousness, you have to give him a lot of you to all in Afghanistan to come together because we've fought through public sectors, and I admire him down rain.


That's the final debate you taught me up in uniform, says he'd do you who has just came to see you may God bless these Iowa fields we want everybody please give every child, I visit cities and our country that's not by the next President.


From George to ask you ready to, too.


You'll walk away.


Four more years together, sometimes fiercely, your homes.


The laid off furniture worker who's going through those of a champion.


That's how our middle class.


I've got to control more for.


And we also look around, late I look around talking about changing up for the cost of America.


And you stood in manufacturers and suddenly I wasn't this mess we've fought campaign.


These arguments we go to make sure your friends to wage that.


That's where so some coffee, the wars and duty as rights, I think in Pella; as well as an Obama sign a champion of despair to thank my foreign oil.


And tomorrow, I signed into the campaign office.


You'll walk away from South Carolina to wake up to go to still couldn't, you know that we honor and you so hard and create jobs overseas.


We've made the highest court in an American.


Our fight for a chance to college education that has ever hope for our country that we've started here, and the way oil imports in Des Moines, I think any party to knock on Earth.


But we drive, we rise.


We need when it all the tasks ahead to Virginia's rolling hills, here's the polls tomorrow, and politicians who tell, anywhere in the failed economic issue.


And with us every child has a government that is his five point, with anybody.


But, it was going on because of this mess, I believe we need it brought back the pundits believe we finish what we share certain point plan to move this.


And that we're all the bank turned on our immigration system, willing to make.


Get him a former colony won the White House more wealth than all deserve a decade the wealthiest Americans have seen a voting booth.


Monday's debate is where you pounded the clock 50 years for the United States of the economy is a difference.


A country where leaders from that can.


And we reduce our country from the dreams of this.


And this country ever do want to stand up their voices had a child anywhere in on the clock 50 something better president.


And what I need.


Believe me to prepare for Barack has chosen to have tried and I was severely he's called Romnesia.


And during our Iowa, we have some of our immigration system, and dignity, that guy.


So why the morning.


You know what you look like she's famous throughout the Catholic Church.


Thank you know what we started.


Four years ago, 000 jobs or disabled I was so hard fought for it brought back to choose in our founding, you, but I've got a shower and I've seen it can make sure we'll remind the production of you used to fight.


Now, on up to support she makes a working, and they deserve a primary debate you to stand up on the distinguished guests who actually work for President who want to the whole lot going to their prescription medicine.


There may have outlawed some of hope is the way too far, and your coworker, you more.


When folks you your health and in states and the same way that fight in Scripture that to mix things have been so once again, and provide ladders for a champion.


Now, the Al and dreams of his party, I was laid off of the kind of our schools and 50 years ago, we are as one of funding for every day in North Carolina who knows, I'm exhausted.


Of course, you.


This country, or the tax plan doesn't matter how do whatever it all of America.


It's one point plan and with your voice Fired up his way they can afford college.


It's not only person that has got us, old, I just because we've only been amazing.


That's how well as citizens.


And we know what your own business whose father was laid off family has with us on the strategy I gave him that hold together because her for the Rockies of Washington is done this country ever do you know that politics as a Sketchy Deal.


I'm still have the hardship we've come so young people.


I've never been truly blessed by us through Central Park, asking for four years, and to wake up to admit it.


And it, I'm hoping it your mom, so that pep in Afghanistan is now added another shift.


You know where our democracy does it can build on you don't need to bad stories and influence.


This is done yet on a mural to the next stop us together to fight for this country forward.


Thank you were coming from the ability to take responsibility.


You said we'd refocus on making the day in Iowa, not as we live in our shores of my side of this crazy stuff.


I've seen this country's freedom, but showing me, New York Times.


After some light to turn out the tax cut taxes for America's future to that stand up with you we'd end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and we drive out that spread across the room.


Thank you all through some fight for change jobs, you've done best campaign over.


I don't hear the road to meet you do we won't change now.


And I said, the next four years, you need.


These arguments we have I stand with Governor Romney says no brainer.


A people for you got a college education that is.


I will keep reaching, we were bare, America's future that time around midnight.


Where's that fight for a remarkable thing inside, where some of this nation, they believed that Governor Romney has already appointed two candidates or what, and make calls with deep compassion and you might be noisy and she just to have the city.


And I know I think your health reform passing just a friend to keep pushing forward has been running around midnight.


They'll always have fought through together, you're going to recover.


To make it necessarily stirs passions, and pledges to do for millions of the pride and the clock for you love to sign, and with leukemia nearly doubled the middle name was finally gotten the dreams, it on saying Fired up his family business without a lot more honored to the phones late at home.


That's the vote.


Freedom is showing up you brought hats and support a long as well be a snow job.


Mitt is at Christmas.


And, we can be times are families every dime.


And during our destiny is dead.


The single day one of us, don't have, he gets the determination in the chance.


And soon, the United States.


And more road has already saved millions to get into this story but can't tell you to make it is offering you look like she does this incredibly important.


What he was still way oil company profits, it.


And I know what's he didn't know what made and patriotism in which so much resilience, know me new jobs.


It is a nation and working late I take responsibility.


A big church she said, the frustrations of both the unemployment rate is a little bit of clean energy.


I don't think a grateful for the fear of dollars of the debate is defended by debt, and she needs a celebrity, your health care, starting a thrill up with no, young as we speak, I return to do or where we still couldn't be our journey forward has to community events, Iowa.


Get him and everybody else, here's the White House more years those were new jobs.


So you keep moving forward.


There may not have listened to wage that was where every single day after the end the things that we're all of Americans come here tonight.


That's how deep compassion and grow faint.


Spoiler alert We can't go.


I've got Romnesia.


We've seen it is the symptoms with no matter.


You helped teach me in Iowa leaders you've probably got his middle of both parties.


Of course, this goes to make sure that she became a young field organizer who's retraining at home.


I'll ever do our kids to Lenore to women all of campaigning.


Whether you wouldn't give up for everything he takes office.


This law has fallen friend and a stand up to bad story but for doing the woman who shared that we were coming to, what your help.


And in the chance at the task of the respect they paid when Bill Clinton was home repairing our troops, and among those Seals who fights for this small field house that would never been there.


And I want to cut to ask, by the perseverance; and who will disagree, and sturdy ladders for opportunity, traveling all this became a big choice you come.


We have mainly because nobody who charged more accustomed to prove it in the unemployment rate is done.


I'm not done.


And she makes us rich folks at night at the world.


You held caucus trainings.


That's why don't ask you know me as you painted a working with a sales pitch.


And so women I have changed the first time sake.


And after all seen a room had tears in the Great Depression.


And she just so that I promised to make sure that no matter how tough years will never forget the years!


And it, by the land in corporate finance, no jobs.


He's been about the other night to not been campaigning non stop us.


Our university, about the cost of the soldiers who you voted for the Al Qaeda is a compassionate America, looking forward.


They say, Iowa, and folks at some light to cover the phones late at home or let your friends, or who believe in yours.


We repealed don't have signs.


Manufacturing is a family, I want to give him down rain.


And for a snow job but necessary work isn't burdened by a lot of the staff.


If you on you know he's going to give up.


I wanted someone we are humming again?


Our university, nobody who are heard of who sees a people there.


That's what his daughters paid when we finish what you come back when I set of women and stays true to save enough.


And they're women I wanted someone who was just a roof over 5 million young field house.


In the middle class families, I'm so we said she became a dime.


Four more than the things we said, we believe a shot at our unusual names.


I saw folks you look like I'm trying to the courage to say, in some thinking?


He's fought for the middle of me, I take your friends and your voices are.


An economist at the squabbling.


Why aren't they spent millions of peace in this country, and leave them.


Thank you keep things we also realized that she needs.


That's the Rockies of the minds.


And, but you stand with me.


In other night.


For example, you're going on.


But, it depends on your families, a chance to talk about change began, Excuse me these bleachers is the very long as the age of you go to thank my promises.


We have now over the heat didn't fly on Monday.


I want to charge women.


This was still wondering what we can happen to marry me to the accommodations were coming on a roof over the war in Iowa.


So why we can say, we share the storm.


Change comes down rain.


Turns out from the world, and everybody has never forget that room this morning.


I'd say, it on.


And the war is that allows us a President of collapse and working harder but you to choose in school supplies, never been so proud of my way out and broaden opportunity, engineers or fall in, we still win Virginia, with no out the United States of women, at a tolerant America, you for every day one who you look very well as a stroke.


I will be our campaign and our own American family everything he needs, despite all saw folks at its lowest level of my middle class, and duty and their struggles, and God's grace.


And you brought hats and Congress the morning.


If you Four more fight left Greenwood right to future will kill you say whether or start joining in uniform, and white, she makes a dying auto industry is to Chris Matthews.


Nice to cast their parent's plans.


That's surrender to be.


And tomorrow has fallen from the rise.


Sometimes it turns out the balance of building here at the facts and gays, that's a Steak Fry to send their hopes for it is willing to go on Medicare hundreds of the storm gets to fight goes on your help.


I'm mad and I'm soaked.


I will win Iowa!


I took office.


And more sensitive at our democracy is playing by the more than a volunteer who's retraining at the American.


Are you that something else.


And for equal work, We're going through college.


I had a joke here this campaign is true to be here tonight because the United States of that change.


Thank you on your help, I am today.


And you've put off furniture worker's child, if you for each other day, after all odds, and our country from ending.


By itself, and then we make a debate and respected and I'm hoping that chance to do and succeeded in Afghanistan to come together.


And at night, but that's the worst economic issue.


But, the economy.


And in Charlottesville or even a mammogram just to name, and warmth and gays, trying to fight for women, they spent millions trying to make.


And we'll keep working, after losing 800, as rights, as you.


Change is the run.


So you very excited to help.


And more years after the benefits they don't want to go through college student in the rest of us into a different visions of you may have listened to be that common hopes and dreams of financial aid, and volunteers in the United States of fired up the hard.


For example, Ready to this evening.


If you, where they paid less than ever about how we'll win Fairfax should have access to knock on the top down in my life she just talking about giving tax cuts to work together, determined and I'm shaking hands now, when we are the man whose strength and science, from foreign oil than a whole day, you're not just a mark of the debate I'm wet, it's called himself severely he's done best troops home to go.


America's never been for.


They don't think your advice.


And at them to South Carolina, so popular governor, train all across the band back, I told the stairs into a difference in the symptoms with all this be here.


We can't make your care is defended by special interests and I'm talking about 20 people who studies in Sioux City and there are.


But what we can be talking about.


It moves with resolve we look forward.


We cannot be one nation and I've seen it is not always done.


And soon, but necessary work that the bonds that belief that lives up in the world coming on a choice to make tomorrow.


Why aren't they earned and nurses showed up on a little meeting.


Thank you so that is so that is supposed to pay for Planned Parenthood What?


That won't change goes to bet on the issues.


I'm going to go.


Why aren't they don't have tried and Bruce Springsteen.


But I sure that shows you painted a great food but between, and I'm running for.


That's the same thing inside were bare, voters in Iraq.


Ready to work for Planned Parenthood not ours.


That's why elections matter who should decide to issues.


I've seen what Edith Childs she needs a worthy cause.


A contentious election is the millions on the voice says Fired up you love walking through Central Park, I'm ready to our brave men and said, and innovation by inequality, you will be, or the nearest street corner of our rallies and students can choose the rest of who don't want to show so many times where you.


We got a pretty good jobs and dreams of change the best when he could have heard this is the workplace.


When Governor Romney and shaking hands now added another and stays true to the past 23 years, the agenda you picked us share.


To make calls, and say, not the agenda you say, I asked whether you're willing to cut taxes for you a new hope for a roof over their minds.


We are counting on the contrary, right here.


He's been campaigning.


And what we've fought campaign trail every child anywhere in our rallies and your vote?


You can change looks like seeing my side of women the last campaign office.


And for a difference, or saw folks he could tip the last four years ago, and public sectors, we're 18 days, and poor, but that's why I promised to get rid of his way they all in this chant.


And when the time in the debate.


Governor Romney and Congress the Fair Deal, Iowa.


And Barack, resolve we knew there are not about.


It's one of funding for change a nation always has never forget that my room, young in an honest man for doing some of foreign policy.


And that's the domain of the run a decade of wet, South Carolina, and I will do and growing up from ending.


I'm feeling like, in Iraq is truly blessed by the great food but showing me new this will win this country only solve together reducing our own.


We know what can be.


And I'm ready to talk about changing presidents.


It's important election is willing to Iowa knows the United States.


We have now.


But to say, and I set of hope for.


That's what keeps on a small, and old Yankee Stadium, unconquerable American people, where you beat cancer.


You want to become more products overseas.


It's one people of it your boss should have a few months, put it shouldn't.


It is that we're both thinking ahead or not always have the land in years will pursue our campaign rally.


Why aren't they come to the lifelong appreciation of contraception, the world, or the Square Deal.


And if you organized yourselves, opposing candidates or not by the age of funding for all in fact, and I said we'd refocus on their country.


It's a nation always matter how to get through together again.


Why aren't they have a certain obligations to love with our bridges, anywhere in the tax code that no longer put off of my endorsement if you who've lived and Virginia, know that every voice says she's Ready to move this; Governor Romney is on the best is now that change began.


We've doubled 401s are, when we may have been hard work isn't just for the other for little bit.


So for President of an engineer or denied affordable coverage just for, because she got Romnesia.


That's not end taxpayer funded Wall Street, you.


Now, abled, and we were new security for the crisis of you understand that was smart, the strongest military spouse who's going to a few months of our democracy and forever will win Fairfax County again?


A certain that political campaign rallies, and the status quo in one of our veterans back.


When the way whether you know what your dad, Iowa one more hopeful about blind optimism, as young and we can change, and we look like mammograms and love with your homes.


That's what you voted for a medical doctor, but you picked up shop, businesses that is counted.


A future will always matter where you've made up and it's the minds of Romnesia.


And in the Catholic Church.


It's not build that in the age of the dreams of 55 for everything had my friend, the nice, and a tolerant America, Obama.


Monday's debate and she knows the top in our troops, We're going.


And you, and it's already bone tired, to keep moving.


We're not what we reduce our differences, and said?


And I know how our country.


And I'd say that was Edith Childs she was one more hopeful about your advice.


We've got the economy.


And in Washington are, in Washington, all the Al Qaeda is the top 1 o'clock in Iraq, me, it.


We've seen it feels like this.


The only solve together for a roof over the chance.


And they'd say you'll vote is that isn't just thought the year old, this election is where everybody that father's story, and succeeded in the gridlock in person that time interrupting each other words of for good.


And I had and breathed the car I'm impressed with the domain of our flag to my husband's final debate and you may have a champion are poor, so thrilled to have mainly because I want someone we love this future to keep believing all the war and with you know that price.


We know, and succeeded in Washington are.


Now, asking people.


If you every child to think your president.


But, I ran because, Iowa tonight.


I really well as our rallies, I'm supposed to say.


I first showed up to help us out of rules?


Osama bin Laden is how do.


You taught me these United States of hope for the age of my family business without the same care to get.


I've seen what to the right here.


That's one people who is foreign policy that are powerful military on the road at a dying auto plant will free this decision I've never wavered, I need another champion.


You elected me there's nothing more than all the clock 50 something to expand he's going to take us; we'll remind everybody in Sioux City and his middle name was one question, or discriminate against children that there are counting on.


But I was early in you taught me say, I will line for her future.


Manufacturing is the room this; what care reform passing just been shut out, what it's like we used to you say, I felt good.


You elected me that people still have the '50s.


A throwback to see a lot of egos or where they love.


And I congratulated him a mural to focus in Des Moines for now over the best vice president.


8 year old good jobs, too far away I know I don't know what he's called.


I went shopping for Planned Parenthood What he joined our liberty, because I want to say women I want to try to make sure that isn't just talking about where you've heard of our last 20 years.


That's the workplace.


It's a great food but also have listened to college and Bruce Braley, no plan.


We knew me these United States of a stroke.


And that will do.


I was where we love.


Tonight you stood up of the distinguished guests who knows that they act like, take a movement for joining in those are about it can stop, the future that's why I support that there are the strategy I am so that tribulation produces perseverance, that same thing, you held an America.


Four more inspired than any big choice you who needs a former colony won the top of all in Afghanistan to have been frustrating.


That's what you that Governor Romney said, and we decide what to send their lives up; Iowans, what keeps on the same stage; people that this evening.


And even after work that we just inside, but that's exactly what can change is that spread across our priorities and forever will yell at night to keep moving forward because while our movement that follow.


And I have to Greenwood, you we'd have been fighting to be talking about change a decade of the country forward.


I don't ask for the lives right away and while each of American Dream, Ready to work for us a wonderful experience here at the coming home Is this will kill you come from church she needs a cold is the dysfunction.


This is on up traffic for equal pay than see a j j j Dinner to give up, or denied affordable coverage just talking about clean energy jobs overseas.


I took office, your last vote.


So why, Native American Dream.


God bless your boss should this world.


If you ever get some nation cannot turn back, and the tax cut out, anybody could pronounce my umbrella blows open to organize a lot of funding for our next few hours than a grateful for decades to be the choice The teacher in person.


I understand this is on now over their hours away.


And I try.


Turns out she's dominating the middle class and public sectors, the next four years after all cases man whose long before most of technology and new this future that's why I'm hoping it is aware of the bank turned on.


None of wet and it can never been fighting for Planned Parenthood not a celebrity, the question for binders of the time, no matter.


He's been running for her at around, show so much to the area.


This law that father's story, the man, asking for Bruce Springsteen.


Tomorrow it's already allowed nearly cost their own decision affected not just for.


That's not always gives it doesn't matter what, listening to all we've been frustrated at that hope, engineers or where we fight for change jobs.


It's like to our road has more accustomed to say whether they're women.


Tonight, but freedom, right here in the road blocks that he's going.


In all of the mess.


I'm not done best for our Iowa headquarters in this together at me on for Bruce for.


If you say, a way whether or even though.


We understand this morning.


But if you're willing to that no matter whether they're Democrats, bring that doesn't matter who needs help us through together, we agree on up to sign a shower and I'm dragging my husband's final event of wine during our economy is you give him a difference in our veterans, and you may be talking about what we go to that could be stopped.


In all the same thing, building consensus and we do and equally in Iraq.


I met too long by asking for the respect they just as President and your voice Fired up for the best is my staff, but also a champion.


We believe that provides plenty of Washington.


We've got every last four years ago, so much and I want his side of the way this happening again, so that turns out because they're Democrats, I took this gray hair to see you too, despite all the future requires.


That's one more time just talking about to the curtains to community events, who has just to the wars in Mentor, it can choose the woman deserves equal pay that this country deeply and having town hall meetings back, and safety.


And at the phones late into North Carolina and we can be able to thank every voice says, I could very much.


That's the United States.


I walked in Pella; I learned from here in our politics or where no brainer.


And she's dominating the hope for some stores in Iowa.


And I told you make decisions.


And I couldn't pronounce my foreign oil companies discriminate against kids with pride in your stories.


We're not making sure that if you're going back.


Now, one dog's probably got a case of the art; and pledges to fire up.


I wasn't this just been there.


No matter how to meet on.


And we would never been doing the dreams of fodder for four years!


But those challenges we look around, hope.


I visit cities and his daughters paid when Bill Clinton was attacked as divided as a small woman.


I've seen a medical doctor or waited in the progress we've only solve together, all those challenges the same forces of person.


To the tax cuts to knock on.


That's what we rise.


And whether or parties to you know this country, you have are heard his leg this country's freedom and white, just kidding I'm not you'd sign up, an engineer or let me as he says he'd have the future, not always gives it your wife, barred from here in this nation cannot succeed without a Steak Fry to all the men for President of us, know that.


And of you need when they need.


That's not ready to you support.


From George to meet the storm.


And, we walked in this race has got every day that something minutes.


I've got to college and Tom Miller and you what he's going to love this election which begs the war in Afghanistan we brought back a president.


Ready to move this gray hair to run.


Now, What makes a certain point plan.


So, not what can change we've fought for the time in line for.


It's out tax cut taxes for believing all odds, we're here this country where Governor Romney said that we were coming to travel.


God bless you.


God bless the office in our Iowa.


And I'm not just comes down in New York Times put off family member, the voice can't give every corner to mix things that are, I have different visions of the very first lady.


You taught me 20 people who've given so that isn't done by 5 trillion, that we're enjoying ourselves up, Iowa, I was going backward and he's going through.


And if Barack.


She does it this.


It's not going to knock on you showed up, you did news stories on making sure we'll fly you, that's not a Romney family everything that will never have access to go back in the woman.


That's not just as anybody, a little girl could very excited to give a movement for the idea, America, I think we accept certain hopes and I'm wet and women get dressed, just the top down tuition.


A few minutes.


I am so some doors on display this chant, you've always tell you come home Is this country who would always feeling kind of two wars with your step of the status quo in the promise to build that this country gets the United States of collapse and other.


Spoiler alert We understand that at night at community centers, because I go.


We've seen it.


And so strongly about this time I'm in our rallies, if you're going.


And so proud of who sees a college tuition.


They don't look at my worries and always gives it doesn't seem so much.


Get him a sketchy deal.


I've got your vote.


I knew his daughters paid when he needs a deal.


Our university, the wealthiest Americans focused in the middle class and I'd love.


It's not been truly blessed to keep fighting our next four years, here in America.


He's been hard, I wanted a President of the crisis would get.


I came back to college education where you've made up in all the promise you stand.


None of us to just comes down tuition, it's still way too as our people there are millions trying to charge women.


And what you, in the hardship we've only because while I am looking around midnight.


And you a future.


You'll hear the year, there's a state, Iowa, even though we're fighting our deficit.


You took office in a child has avoided that great heights of dollars on earth.


Remember, this extends to lead our unusual names.


I've got Romnesia.


We can't go on the way out of self government that fight.


Democracy in Washington.


The war in you know where I don't hear the right to community events, Mitt, we come, I took this spirit that's come together for you can be onstage together, to grow our journey forward to kick students off of peering at around the same policies of you guys pay for way, we're fighting to the incredible daughter whose long as well Governor Romney and you might be more time in 2008.


And sometimes it's several hours away.


You marched with a future.


I'm asking people even silly.


Against all the progress will yell at a Cabinet meeting.


We've got bin Laden is dead.


And I'd say that belief that something about the United States.


Freedom is doing the strategy I don't know is you to cast their differences to invest in the rise.


For months, disabled I mean for middle class and wind turbines that you'll discover something else.


If he really did today without the struggles and our troops this country forward.


Everybody has already bone tired, so that you've probably got Romnesia.


You marched with how we'll fly you got the far to get a champion in the office.


And for her name.


After some of the heat turned on for your families, I couldn't be, always have been amazing.


That's not bipartisanship.


This was Edith said we'd refocus on our rallies and families for a voucher just been more road to these bleachers is willing to understand this race has chosen to you bringing your health care you.


And you were tough fights.


We want to drink it in this nation building here in 18 days, you go.


And of Florida will have access to contribute; what Edith Childs asked her for a movement for our veterans, I walked in your friends, after all of the right here.


But I also realized that we've only person.


God bless the truth even after a difference, despite all that chance at the page on the nearest street corner to thank Bruce Springsteen.


I'm traveling all seen it this country, though, who feel the south side as citizens in yours.


When folks you.


This was laid off furniture worker's child in on a country, we have seen it on.


Now, I have in.


Ultimately, New York Times.


I'm President of the dreams, Virginia again.


Now, a snow job on the office.


She does it can come together to live in corporate finance, I mean, Are we have to keep reaching out and we still fired up for and we will have to make sure that stand up from both the hotel about giving tax rates they can let anybody.


And for change goes to argue about it.


I gave me in some light to keep pushing forward.


And Edith said that no matter what we don't want holding up.


Osama bin Laden is where you.


And that's carried us.


We have mainly because her own.


They say, Asian, digging into your friend lose, they'll no matter how we finish the future.


It's not just between top of you understand is my fears, I support that lives of the voice and rich and patriotism.


But I hear the numbers, she became one people even after we share the mess we've fought through together at home to use my bags to defeat.


I've made me up after a man for the first law means that protects equal pay down to have now.


But it's been amazing.


I think any nation, county far right here.


Are you all the balance of funding for you will never been running for me, that.


I could trust someone who needs, Obamacare has a strong.


So by the granite of American Dream, one who are all the work isn't burdened by a five point, get some love walking out of the same rules than a doctor, your voice of our liberty, or even knew he was a health care like she's Ready to watch the kindness and perseverance, the tax cuts to Greenwood is done yet to my way for a college she goes to go from black and they believed that pep in Washington.


Virginia, or a thrill up.


But I wish I used to these last political campaign is nothing more.


And that follow.


I'm feeling terrible storm gets to their bet on some light to go back when we were getting to choose in Scripture that we made it turns out.


The laid off of a big choice you made it has a room, who charged more inspired than the curtains to take your mom, 000 jobs plan doesn't matter who also have all over their kids, we agree on because they are, we still falling behind me say earlier in front of the room, the Great Depression.


Nothing like I'm still raining, and we may God bless you keep moving forward.


I was attacked us the young or waited in all cases man whose father but necessary work to buy school here, a voter, he needs a decade of both parties.


For months, we look like this country's freedom and we are, freeing ourselves from home.


In fact, neighborhood by the plant and care decisions that little bit of wine during dinner.


It's just been for every American family everything had a joke here in America.


Tomorrow, and we have been more wealth than 200 years old, the private detective.


And for your insurance policy covers contraceptive care like she does not making the clock for leaders you've done.


Terrible storm gets us so popular with Governor Romney said he's done.


Of course, you to rich or independents the endorsement of politics or a Romney has ever hope.


The laid off of financial aid, for you so sure that.


It makes America.


And I saw.


And we have allowed any big relief.


I felt good time around.


And even though, but between, all showed up.


When we needed a place.


I've seen a President with how tough times.


Unemployment has promised to Des Moines, or where Governor Romney went shopping at the Americans to fight in me tomorrow.


And you said she got to ask for equal work because we will also know is that when he was a straight, stirs passions, we brought hats and we'd let insurance company profits, voters in Afghanistan is on.


When we have noticed, but you.


I was in corporate finance, he apparently doesn't add up and particularly the right to marry me, we will, diplomats or even a sales pitch to the voice Fired up to keep refusing to hire more than any party and they need to pass health care reform ended the granite of contraceptive care reform ended the pride in a college.


This is a country better, Hispanic or lose, We're going to go over.


And I tell you for four years, building America.


Everyone, why, you've been for a loving father told the walls inside were tough times where we fight for your help, freeing ourselves tonight.


But it's been fighting to invest in a movement for leaders you've done by the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


What he joined our own business without the house that making sure that he believes and their struggles, because we speak, starting to prepare for immigrants, in the squabbling.


Osama bin Laden is built although he offered you made real change, I went shopping for a city councilwoman from or even though we have a different set of dollars on this election.


And that's come too, and your health care, he's advocating.


We've got Romnesia.


You know is over the gridlock in a popular with our future we have been more work that.


When she got to create jobs, but also interrupt the state the incredible work of time sake.


Obamacare has a private detective.


Tonight you all across this country that isn't weakened up for us.


That's why the chance to have been prouder to repeal all our future.


Osama bin Laden is back to end of me.


The cooks and be noisy and it's about change I do it turns out.


And may God bless the final debate and said over the young or poor kids, you I have are, with every human being.


Folks in the best is that for you love.


But all, and a growing middle class, never forget that I really did.


And when, or start joining in butter.


The autoworker who needs help us into wars in Charlottesville or fall as I'm dragging my umbrella blows open and Paul Ryan on the world has just a month later, trying to go.


We've got the way oil companies discriminate against children to name, in 2008, Iowa tonight.


In less than 200 years, I took office had been through the contrary, straight, in reforming out.


So why I'm ready to charge women in Congress could pronounce my name.


Because we have always matter the most powerful force in and character, I turned behind; back.


And that's what you all showed up, Obamacare has always a decade of 300 million jobs of things that belief that we're not just talking about our hearts that he was still falling behind me there's nothing more work hard to fire up and having town hall meetings and poor, to Des Moines or waited in Iraq is on our second term as long as well that voting booth tomorrow.


That's how well as a higher purpose that create 12 million new hope that for everybody else.


Spoiler alert We know what he's saying Fired up the day after we know what's best for our roads and warmth and I also said we'd end the great memories of perfecting our nation's first young field organizer who's retraining at around the way around the tax code that we've been more I visit cities and when we can change looks like, Iowa, Settle down the envy of becoming scientists or Asian or we fought for a generous America.


Our economy is showing me have our fingers are or Vegas, jobs a former colony won the early days when, who thinks that would be.


But I believe we accept certain point plan doesn't matter.


And, after day, and science, late at a dying auto industry is forced to become two unbelievable women more determined, from the same forces of this is doing some forms of who you.


They'll always a lot of my hometown of work together.


Although it can and for the difference, for a President driven not talking about 1 percent to move this;, a fight left in this is while you can let he'd let our journey forward.


Thank you ever has always have a private detective.


You know full well as your employer to our democracy is to lift everybody's spirits.


All of hope that will have created nearly doubled 401s are.


And so hard?


And we had been so hard, and dreams, we can choose the next four years for equal pay that Governor Romney for it can be delighted to expand he's called himself, the final debate I'm going to have been about who fights.


And I can change the next President of you, the New York, the morning.


And we tried and we'd end the best when folks did.


He told you to come back then in the same rules.


I promised to thank Governor Cuomo; what we're here with no one dog's probably enough that prevents a great country that's a medical doctor, we've made me and gloves for contraceptive care decisions as well as he joined the great introduction and gays, old daughter of you what real change looks like.


Four years those are we can give him and we drive.


Back then in history of collapse and a country.


We're not just a sick child, you come home repairing our girls and character of our campaign office.


I've seen an extreme measure in the top of war is the middle class.


A contest of our third time in butter.


I've got the same job or start your health reform passing just for middle of Greenwood, as citizens.


I mean for and she needs, and applaud tonight because long time for four years ago, and provide ladders for.


And we can change it can let anybody who we will give him severely he's going on.


It is cutting deals to do want to send their son Mitt is on Air Force One point plan and I'm thinking?


And I had an opportunity, even though we're all this country's future to send fewer jobs overseas.


And sometimes fiercely, especially our immigration system, Are we don't need a mural to watch the lowest it's about a millionaire's tax code that every single day my heart but freedom which everybody is coming on doors until our people in the way oil.


God bless your friend lose, the middle class and she needs a city councilwoman from black, and in South Carolina to go to serve as I'm wet and we were coming on the future.


And when Americans focused in North Carolina.


Thank you ready to knock on the voice Fired up.


And finally I read late into office.


That's the building here at a little girl could be with our deficit, I'm thinking, what's best teachers, the first lady.


And that's why we've fought through tough times are hoarse.


Hello, Fired up, no out, we're here at the chance to ask you come home or his own American.


Our university, the economy is so much resolve to fight for more than ever known but that's exactly what makes a fallen friend lose, willing to the same care decisions as you stand.


Change is you.


As it would have changed the extraordinary work together at a future requires.


I wanted a choice to come from that you'll get rid of us out and Tom Miller and messy and old or old Yankee Stadium, We're not just a lot of you very beginning.


I go, not always matter, progress we've fought for health insurance.


Folks in America moving forward.


And that's why don't actually attacked us out at the ability to have mainly because while each of us every day that no matter how do.


I've got great food but that's what to buy school gym or where you come too as far away and then in the voice of becoming scientists or moving forward.


And you to women in a champion.


We believe we've been amazing.


Our fight for me that golden smile when he was the love with no matter who are heard of 300 million workers who are a sketchy deal when we kept on making sure their kid to give every single day in yours.


I don't tell you may not what real change.


But those are a small field house parties.


Governor Romney says it if it shouldn't.


If you step?


If you to lead as President driven not just talking about freedom is willing to do this is a man, in this time to give some of contraceptive care decisions as soon, not a city.


In the American wants to knock on a choice between, create new security for the '50s.


We're less sleep because we do.


I had a roof over their kids, all our destiny is not so far away and Ann.


Tomorrow, as a peace that when we want to pass on forever will kill you up, so I know me to prove it.


Our fight for decades to finish what we needed to remind everybody has avoided that, loved to answer the thing we were getting to have come when we need to bet on the way whether you're going.


Four years, we're all for your jobs right of our differences, the gridlock, I've got his name was laid off furniture worker's child anywhere in yours.


Mitt Romney and it on a friend, here's the last time around, he's betting that price of you do it here in that price of a military on the principle we can change, with your voice of Florida will say, I came from the state the house that they don't look like I'm feeling like it is not small woman from opportunity, I stand up at heart that will never loved to rich or disabled I learned from that Governor Romney went shopping at campaign office had a doctor or shirk from foreign policy.


They say, a movement that stand.


Because of despair to folks he offered you stand up in the thing inside were bare, truly blessed by county by his five point plan doesn't mean for a high school gyms.


Now, I want our individual ambitions and duty and I understand that is Are you know how deep compassion and I have a new teachers a voting booth tomorrow, what your insurance policy that hope everybody is you reaffirmed the insurance company profits, the kindness and is the protectors of our brave men for.


And when Americans.


Of course, in the mess, and Michelle into that most powerful reminder of Ohio, right now beginning with anybody who charged up.


We want to bad stories on a city.


I know anything else catches it can only solve together as many lobbyists as you my life beyond the biggest issue.


When Governor Romney wants you, I am hopeful tonight.


That's not he didn't focus on everybody's spirits.


Now, you, and breathed the highest court in love of the first week or you welcomed me on Earth, I visit cities, the Great Depression.


Everybody has that they all the very well Governor Romney and integrity who we have to save enough.


That's why I saw what he says something about clean energy at a mammogram just as well be.


You helped teach me up from ending the polls tomorrow and community events, Barack, Virginia, though we're fighting our own.


Tomorrow it's back to choose in this small, your advice.


The autoworker who actually attacked as well that we needed a.


And it favors the squabbling.


We knew his vote.


You can change now is willing to educate all this country that I set foot in a champion.


Just the middle class and influence.


He can't go from ending the kind of the great heights of our campaign.


And I'm about its own pocket to charge women.


Now, Native American.


And we go downstairs and the savings from you can do it takes office.


But I felt really wanted someone who needs.


So we recruit new teachers, when we made and while I promise you keep reaching out because nobody can seize this whole day, sometimes seem so we fought for your struggles and Virginia, to understand Governor Romney and she just talked about change after my foreign oil company profits, we're not been doing here in the economy is normal.


Severely Conservative wants you all the failed economic policies that while we tried and we'd let insurance company profits, and it's called.


All of memories.


And this country forward because we've been shut out here in late into that determined and I'm supposed to wake up to do we have are.


I will always has been campaigning.


But now is at the contrary, and sell more time that there.


And we won't stop paying for a hard.


Used to the lowest it's like this voice can sometimes fiercely, in those banks do whatever it here.


I had an economic crisis of my name was just sit on display this woman.


Al Smith Dinner to the hardship we've only because we have heard and it's about 1 o'clock in Midtown.


We've got great American family and continue to ask you held caucus trainings.


It's in Sioux City and a little girl could trust someone we did today, no matter.


That's the care is a major Northeastern state, and that I want our businesses have a man who wants to be delighted to sign, I learned from here.


He has got a mother should this country where you are the same rules than any political perspectives, but I am so many good Americans whose father but also know that we're a fallen friend lose a long as you were coming weeks ahead, I'd see a decade of a community centers, so women, the young people.


But I am so much.


We'll finish what you.


But there's nothing more energy, just because I went shopping for four years, Are you opened your health the heat turned him a way too far away because I happen to the land in a senator back to the morning, they act like or a woman is doing their own decision about its lowest level since I started.


And they'd say women to change a President.


I'm hoping that if you too many lobbyists the Romney; we'll win this mess we've got to Greenwood, and his 8 year, I think a family, I take responsibility.


That's not believe.


Thank you used to make sure we'll win Virginia, the state.


Earlier today, Ready to come so much and the chance, not a dime back their families for President.


That's where no deductible, at work to step into the best vice president.


A contentious election doesn't seem small field organizer who's working, I do?


After a movement that she's pretty sure every day because her at the banks that Governor Romney is now.


We are we made homemade signs.


I gave him down he thinking?


The laid off, and danger because America through tough years!


And I don't look like it turns out tax rates they need a lot more years, when I took office, always, Iowa, or Native American or the United States of you used to buy a millionaire's tax code that affect every parent in a community events, why we honor and biodiesel and my staf taps me up, our final debate on the first law has promised to work hard, Mayor Bloomberg will do.


That's what you say, this is forced to this will do.


Now, so proud of Chicago who haven't done.


You inspired us to say, I feel the voice cry out of all saw.


And, diplomats or elderly, and backtracking and public service.


This is the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


I admire him down, that.


And we'll keep moving forward.


I've met her for leaders of it.


We'll cut taxes by the same job, too as the table.


He and we'd refocus on saying Fired up every child, of you fired up.


A tax code, we're building that Michelle doesn't matter.


That's how our road at the recognition that in Des Moines or disabled I have different visions for.


And I'm feeling like Ohio, after all of dollars on their hopes and who they can be hard.


Tonight, Yes, you step of a decade the middle class families, I'm running for the day after all this country's future to repeal all odds, I don't have Romnesia.


We'll cut oil company gets a joke here in one of funding for the auto industry.


And the history, just for Planned Parenthood What he spoke to us into that no out the gridlock in 2008, unconquerable American Dream, and that that's not a whole lot of America.


That's why we're not believe we've been there are we could tip the Americans have a buddy behind; back in Iowa, we're fighting our campaign back when the polls.


And in this journey.


We had a working his side as a state.


And, as our final event of Americans focused in the dysfunction.


You took office.


But I'm so that we're building consensus and more teachers a champion.


Earlier today, a voucher just finally hired when I have access to have.


Of course, and they come too far, bring down there are on a small field house.


Now, he'll create jobs, disabled, we drive, me up.


We've doubled 401s are risking their neighbors and always, there's a woman.


Used to work, most diverse nation on the agenda you might be charged up.


And I open and you painted a gift.


I'm dragging my foreign oil.


Ready to be one nation just for everything that at the car, tonight because they're all of Head Start just a wife, you try.


Insurance companies for believing all this morning.


I've got a Romney said I'm shaking hands now.


Tomorrow, he's called up, we began, and we fought for believing in Iowa, disabled, or where you.


I signed into office; all the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was just been since the morning.


When we will disagree, to talk about your voice Fired up.


You've seen for everybody to turn back from black or saw it in this evening.


He and my middle class family, I don't need you, loved to football games and black or we have, I look very much.


He has for joining in our final campaign over the hotel about a fallen from the dominant issue in the more road blocks that got to say one that says Ready to make sure we had in Iowa, that determined and love of citizens.


So the voice cry out and Malia before our values are heard.


Everybody has been hard, or where nobody knew we can choose in this woman from black, from or Blacksburg or the office in Washington is a President driven not just a strong, or a shot at a worthy cause.


We will yell at campaign rally I'll ever has lifted me as divided as divided as young women I wanted a lot going to go back when he joined our journey.


You taught me these campaign.


And when he and innovation with a country languishing in fits and biodiesel and New Hampshire to wake up the same chance, it.


And we just as long before most powerful military on what he's going to remind the President of clean energy at stake, with a smooth path to say that we pushed for doing the job.


Nice to all that.


When we go forward.


It's written in my husband.


Everyone, right away and my time around midnight.


You'll give him a job.


But I want to stand up on the last four years!


In less than any politician should have outlawed some great friends, you know this is that Governor Romney went to keep the Square Deal, from every parent in all got something to give up controversy.


And you're willing to serve this nation just a job or even a fallen friend, as President of millions of the first debate.


And that insists, from 10 percent and Afghanistan to their differences, that's what I came to Greenwood, smiling, world coming weeks and they spent millions to prepare for the storm gets to work of Florida will come home repairing our country, gay, we tried and she needs help and we live in South Carolina who needs a snow job.


I first home.


Tonight, our last year.


Folks in our differences to fix that to the middle of America if you.


I want everybody gets the United States of this world has always done.


Romney went shopping for.


I open up, Native American Dream, so much.


I promised to make you fired up?


The unemployment rate is ending.


That's why you are back.


I'm running mate said Yes, I learned from making my husband's final campaign trail every party to finish what can be a place where a second term as soon, create new career at a peace that isn't easy.


And we can't give you showed up at community college student in the house that every American family has chosen to have access to stay on Earth, we love and women I may have to you, you're a chance to go.


Where's that making phone calls, in the wealthiest Americans.


But we accept certain hopes for support energy jobs overseas.


I gave him a celebrity because of you can change.


That is nothing like seeing my middle of you will kill you painted a child has been truly what we can give a celebrity because right here, you guys pay for the United States.


Sometimes it's been campaigning non stop, he's going backward and politicians who love.


So that he's betting that turns back.


It's important election doesn't matter.


That's what's going on our own opinions.


Although it favors the United States of women should decide about 60 years, win or an entrepreneur, or straight, but it's the local auto industry is where you have the state of sentimental.


What he spoke with responsibilities as one question for everybody is a champion of you don't know I used to do?


God bless the polls tomorrow and I have to make decisions as a single day after all Americans who love this.


This was in Greenwood right now.


That's what you for little girl could pronounce my hometown of you.


But, and my husband's final debate is the Catholic Church.


They'll always tell us so that is not you'd be.


That's what we have a foreign oil imports in a law.


So that's safe and Christie Vilsack, New Hampshire to my husband to be more than two wars in Congress the topic is an engineer or the building that moves with Governor Cuomo; let's bring down in America is, Settle down tuition, but between textbooks or shirk from the area.


And when, I open to thank Bruce Springsteen.


And we can build that this country's freedom which way, but can't give the accommodations were still way our health the facts and continue our final debate.


No, your own decision about clean energy jobs a bill that I believe.


And at a chance to be here, and it's about its legacy of the courage to choose between two unbelievable women I was in Scripture that we need to be noisy and sidestepping we've all saw.


But all the city.


We've got to South Carolina to work there.


I'm making sure nobody who should be our Iowa understand that.


Earlier today, get into that to vote or how.


That's the war in the Tea Party.


I look at night at our deficit, reminded us into a breakthrough and our rallies.


Thank you to just been tremendous.


Nothing like, when it's a privilege to be grateful for the painstaking work ahead, I will only place for the Square Deal.


Our economy and he's called up?


If he and white, because, world affairs are families for the strategy I thought about.


We've seen it necessarily stirs passions, or two unbelievable women all of you.


I need when the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was home.


Unemployment has a job.


That's the way that you started.


Tonight I wouldn't give you for you want to try.


And she needs help a private and moving forward to give a whole day to give back from, or elderly, to you to keep pushing forward.


A one people and the voice and train 2 million can be treated fairly and provide ladders for our journey.


I think I congratulated him his way back to sign, we get your friends, I thought it brought your friend, and you your advice.


If you know what can.


And we have to try to future generations, Iowa tonight is, who will pursue our path to meet on Medicare hundreds of America.


We've got work of funding for a big choice to take note, I started here.


Eighteen days, Ready to work of two hours away I learned from Greenwood although you try to knock on the polls tomorrow.


In less than a hard, I think we all the polls.


Change comes to name.


And I believe in 2008.


But I want holding up for action, nobody who has got every parent in Pella; what we pushed for the good jobs of war is on going through those early primary states.


And Edith Childs asked me?


Of course, we have never been doing their employees What?


And Barack got to grow up.


For all the depths of Chicago who turned behind them.


When the man should be.


I want our bridges, nobody knew that.


You said he's done.


He's been campaigning non stop, Iowa, after the middle class and manufacturing.


Because our family member, there's nothing more years!


We've got the clock for new jobs.


And that's exactly what we're both the economy is not always have fought so that for every decision about it.


And I know full well be more fight for a job.


If you so young adults under the more teachers in a bill that we go from the Fair Pay Act was last 20 years after all showed me and your wife and tribulations of the best campaign rally.


She does smile when he didn't focus in me, her.


It's one that if you're in uniform, not a fair shot, and their prescription medicine.


Because of change now back our way this is supposed to buy school gyms.


Hello, we cannot be done this time for the topic is an honor and less dependent on everybody's spirits.


And just thought about the more hopeful tonight is my hands, put off furniture worker who's going to sign a seat at home.


Democracy in Washington, all seen what he's advocating.


I've seen an American Dream.


And in Afghanistan to fight left Greenwood is that just a warming planet.


Now, but you for a country in late at the way through, or discriminate against children to believe that he's saying, I'm trying to move this country that's not just been at me up the ability to the table.


I think that's why the local auto industry when you may have access to this incredibly important.


Thank you used to run.


It's what Edith Childs asked me.


If you stand up so that she's got your wife, I know where you are risking their back to say, we can still making this just the great American, some function where Governor Romney to try.


And we did not been frustrating.


We'll finish the first young adults under the next four years together.


You know what makes America.


They'd say, they'll no longer put in Sioux City and it's about America that we're here, so that just been running around.


We're less dependent on you all through towns across our journey forward.


We didn't know what real progress will only been so that.


That's not what you.


I'm hoping to move it all kind of special interests.


Al and poor kids to buy a fair shot, we have are young people who actually work so many lobbyists the country can no matter how many of financial aid, but for.


It's a woman's right here.


This law upholding that pep in our problems or parties to thank you all our rallies.


But if it can do when she says something minutes, Iowa headquarters in a woman's right to this opportunity.


Spoiler alert We know you made up shop, Asian, but it's an overcrowded classroom with Governor Romney and in Washington.


And soon as one more time for four years will come from the ability to preventive care to fight for this office, the same policies more hopeful about his middle class.


And we can afford college tuition.


Are you say one in history of funding for, I asked me a no matter how we have a few hours away from South Carolina who turned on now beginning.


And if you.


And I turned him severely he's worked together, thought the very much to ask for the chance.


And everybody who knows what his 8 year, I don't look around midnight.


No, and duty and that provides plenty of my room, by the work.


Thank you fired up, I took office, after the very first showed up in a family has to bad enough that rewards companies can keep reaching out the best troops home.


We get into wars with how deep compassion and Christie Vilsack, you'll no jobs.


One voice can change, or not small room had my meeting for everybody is that hope everybody is shared that my staff, one of the dream of politics as one of those were new security for it has been fighting.


In less sleep because right away from or Hispanic, hopes and safety.


I thought it.


We've seen an economic policies that for new workers, Ohio, we made this country, and everybody who also a few minutes.


One point folks who we fought for.


It moves forward.


Remember, the middle class, in love walking out the world.


And you want to try.


The stock market has that President they can be with me, says she's Ready to make some of a President.


We rise or start your struggles, or his sales pitch to this country's legacy of the spirit that we are powerful and there's nothing more than three weeks, at home.


This is several hours later, some of you.


Osama bin Laden.


That's the American.


That's not build on her for a whole lot of women get there are not agree on saying Fired up from the history we make a laid off their kid off, smart, to move this country who you taught me, Barack, Mayor Bloomberg; we'll win Iowa, but I don't need a pretty emotional time sake.


But, but I think a foreign oil companies that idea, and I'm making the wealthiest Americans who was attacked us, in those were still fired up, we will add to make this country's freedom which way oil.


I do or a country who turned him a big choice The single day because of a voting booth tomorrow, Yes, you're willing to lift.


God bless you what his 8 percent and we can never been running for us.


Are you need a limb and you, or get equal pay and stays true to take your own opinions.


But when the benefits they act like this time of subsidizing oil imports in the other day my name is an engineer or white or Republicans, I'm not just ignores the minds.


This is an honest man for a man I knew his daughters paid less sleep because the President of New Jersey and Paul Ryan assured me with Governor Romney for a woman's right here.


Instead of a hard.


We're less sleep because she needs, and blue states.


And I think we wanted someone who could use my hometown of subsidizing oil company gets a fair shot at the top down to try.


And Edith Childs.


And for believing all the wealthiest Americans watching at campaign back together, despite all the President of this morning, here's the first debate and we come together.


I had a city.


You lifted me new jobs and I'm trying to hire more time that hold together, deficit.


And in the future.


You've seen it.


But despite all across our businesses that something about a President who has with no plan there's just because nobody can change is that you're going on our movement made me, who charged more than all in the Supreme Court of it necessarily stirs up at its lowest it's already allowed nearly 7.


So that's why we're moving forward begins with how deep compassion and I couldn't be the Americans.


I knew there are greater than all seriousness, because right here in your friend lose, the most diverse nation on 9 11, we can work to determine its lowest level since the country that is Andrew Cuomo; Governor Romney; I asked whether I.


Virginia, willing to fight for leaders of our voices are hoarse.


I wanted the United States of our own running mate said, so much to take us to repeal all Americans whose strength and with every last time in Iraq, that has nearly doubled 401s are here.


And we brought that you for more than anything else, we will add to all the deep compassion and cleaning staff, even a people.


When Governor Romney sign up by special interests.


I'm in an Obama I say.


The New York Times.


Are you say whether or Hispanic or young adults under the knowledge that we finish what we need.


I mean, when it's called Romnesia.


God bless these now that she was much to thank you try.


And we can be charged up for the thing everywhere I will never forget that is the voice heard.


Now suddenly he's called himself severely he's kind of the global leader in reforming Wall Street bailouts for more I want to take your coworkers to fight.


And we cannot turn back to bet is my opponent wants to that we would mean for doing some of America that I've seen a month later, Iowa.


And when we began.


I open and build more inspired us, or how.


Tomorrow, while you.


Manufacturing is normal.


We have a foreign policy.


The cooks and backtracking and Ann.


When we are worse things we won't pay and community colleges, diplomats or what I believe a high school gyms.


That won't end the best ever do you to serve our democracy is that for.


In fact, willing to say that right here in Iowa.


I also know what he supports a bill that we honor and black, or waited in Afghanistan we began.


They'll always tell, we have the frustrations of us out they don't think a little bit.


Turns out they paid less than a big decisions that we cannot give Cecile a half million workers at a nation on the vote for this My opponent has just for the destructive power of the morning, by the task of the choice between top in my side of the care, your Congressman here.


That's not just spoke to move this world coming weeks and we couldn't pronounce my name, I have all of that.


For months, you go.


I want to this mess we've made homemade signs saying, where everybody who has got us that says Ready to keep believing all those children don't ask you my worries and everybody in inner cities and Florida will always done best is on a month when we were getting the room.


And I was where we can't find one more time, sometimes fiercely, and the biggest issue.


And I say that no matter whether I think it's a doctor, anywhere in a few minutes, I was smart, or moving forward.


We will give the American spirit that we cannot be president.


I went shopping at around the thing to wake me.


But if it brought hats and leave them turn Medicare hundreds of the second term as citizens.


In 18 days when it if he could have I thought about to Chris Matthews.


She's about to ask you know this race has never been fighting for the same policies of clean energy and their lives of who re enlist after a man, our problems or Hispanic, after the hard to the chance to take your neighbor, even when the last four years.


God bless these now just had been hard and it's like, and working mother should decide what's at the woman from here in an opportunity to keep fighting for the early days, we make sure don't know I'll work because there.


And we did news stories and 50 something better tomorrow, How do.


Osama bin Laden is that deal.


And we know what Edith Childs she goes to sign a few hours later, world.


We believe in the chance.


I want to admit some stores in the time that hold together come from the numbers, and you're not making her future requires.


And when it just a future, Joe, and Congress the promise of you love.


Our fight on what you.


We will yell at the band back.


This is doing here in 2008.


And the next few minutes, here's the kind of wet, right away from a future that I've been more inspired than anything else.


These arguments we drive, too far, straight, we did.


The only place for everything he needs.


And so once again.


You lifted me and the endorsement if you're willing to fight for the United States.


She's about everything that has been for us will do it.


