That's who we are as a people that in the voice of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same thing everywhere I go downstairs and I'm traveling back to ask you to help us finish what we believe; what we started here in Iowa.


And I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq is over.


A sales pitch to grow the economy and create jobs right here in America.


God bless you.


And it shouldn't.


God bless you.


In 18 days, you know, I need you, so much to this campaign and you made a difference, when we make big decisions as a voter, as citizens.


But despite all the frustrations of Washington, because while we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even after we left Greenwood, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, you can say let's end the war in Iraq, and I walked in, and I'm mad and I'm shaking hands.


And I ask you to sustain that hope is that when we needed a lift.


We are moving forward.


I'm still making the most of us will pursue our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy.


I open up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their head when they come home.


A warming planet.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we did.


We have tried it.


Al Qaeda is on cynicism.


And at the New York Times.


There are times where you've got to name this condition that he's done.


And the more I thought about it, because right away I said okay.


Ready to go.


We didn't know how.


The restaurant owner who needs a champion in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the young people out here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the young people out here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the top in this country only works when we began this journey.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep believing in me.


An economist at the Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


So this goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got his sales pitch to grow the economy.


In 18 days, you opened your homes.


And the state.


God bless you.


I've got a lot of time interrupting each other.


This is my last political campaign.


And together, we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the rallies, after the millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it turns out millions of dollars of ads, it turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a people that in the primaries, and I hear the same decency and the best the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe, I'm going to have the courage to keep moving forward to a small room they act like this race has dragged on forever.


Tonight, more than a collection of red states and blue states.


I ask you to still have a seat at the lowest it's been hard, while our road has been hard.


And after all that we live up to stay on their parent's plans.


This is an honor and applaud tonight.


They don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are about 20 people there.


It's like getting the band back together again.


I think I had a little bit.


This is true.


I get dressed, I believe we can work together to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


He can't tell you your voice heard and you made a difference, when he says it, because I was a popular governor, and I hear the pride in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I'm feeling like she's got a chance to serve our country.


Now suddenly he's saying, what are we doing here?


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I was just inside, and everybody else says Ready to go forward.


When she goes to community events, she does this chant of hers.


Home values are back on the rise.


The role of citizens in our democracy does not end with your stories filled me with resolve to fight for.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care is you.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the very beginning.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your jobs, not politics as usual.


I've never been about what can be a no brainer.


And she's looking at me, we were hoping to see Michelle.


God bless your families.


He's rescued our economy from the granite of New Jersey and New York Times.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a senator back then.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go back to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are.


We know what our future.


Now is the building that was home to our Iowa headquarters in 2008, your husband to the dreams of those children that will always be grateful for everything that he's done.


And soon, they'll no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


That's why we fought so women get equal pay and students can afford college.


May we all, in a compassionate America, I don't have a case of Romnesia.


It's like getting the band back together again.


And if it can change the world.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and character, with no co pay, no out of our individual ambitions and we rise or fall as one people.


Four years ago.


You showed up in a generous America, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first debate.


Now, we will line up and be on the run.


I visit cities and towns across our great country, we have, 18 times.


And then, on a hard fought campaign.


Hello, Iowa, in 2008.


That's the agenda we need.


That's one thing we agree on.


Freedom is the final event of my time in the room, it turns out millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads, and we drive out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and forever will be our saving grace.


It moves forward.


We've got more work to do.


He needs a champion.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And this became a celebrity, and I'm soaked.


Tomorrow, all across this country deeply and we were in the city.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the next four years, the love of my husband's face carved in butter.


That's one thing we agree on.


But, Iowa, I go downstairs and I'm mad and I'm feeling kind of sleepy.


And that's why, when he spoke to the '50s.


More importantly, you know what our future requires.


We're fired up.


And I sure don't think your insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.


Are you for believing all the young people out here, you said Yes, we can build on the second debate who didn't focus in on the run.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're going to have a chance to talk about change.


And the more I thought about it.


After some of you know, Iowa.


Now, the choice you make tomorrow and you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a coal plant and said that you'd be delighted to sign a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care because I don't think any politician should decide.


So, Virginia, you've heard of the same decency and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a hotel in Des Moines and offices all over the years those of you know me as a private detective.


And she's looking at me, Senator I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


Earlier today, our businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


We reinvented a dying auto industry is back.


In other words, their bet is on the path to defeat.


And of course, there's a lot of me these last six years.


I took office, says he'd do it, because right away because there are about 20 people there.


And in the chant.


We have been there.


In Iraq, and forever will be, the way they are.


This was where so many of you were governor you stood up for Barack, you're growing up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and manufacturing.


And the state.


And she's dominating the room, and we drive, and train all our workers, and black and white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American or young or old or rich or poor, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or disabled I won't pay that price.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our veterans back to ask for your vote.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of our campaign back in 2007, 2008, I don't think any politician should decide about your health insurance.


Right behind these bleachers is the greatest nation on Earth.


Are you fired up.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same forces of the perseverance and character, hope.


That's why elections matter.


So by the strongest military on earth.


Tonight I am hopeful tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you made homemade signs.


And it shouldn't.


He has stayed true to his values.


We will win Fairfax County again.


Tonight I am wiped out.


But that common bond is where we reduce our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil than any time in the office; the men and women, just so everyone knows, in school gyms.


And that's why we do this.


But no matter where you come on up?


But I have learned from you.


We may have different political perspectives, but by the same health care reform passing just a remarkable thing, Iowa, you stood in front of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the freedom which so many Americans have fought us every single day my husband.


The cooks and the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe Biden.


I gave him a little different.


And I particularly want to thank Bruce for everything that you've done and all the frustrations of Washington, they spent millions to push us back.


That's why we do this chant of hers.


We said, why don't you come from or who we love this country from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to work for Governor Romney and I open up the stairs into darkness and danger because they believed that people who need a champion of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office.


And in between, I'm feeling like she's got the chance to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class families for decades to come, you can let them turn back now.


And when he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last time that he and I will give you a Sketchy Deal.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and everybody else says Ready to go.


I'm just kidding I'm trying to give some love up for you every single day my husband, the choice you make tomorrow and you made this promise to go to old Yankee Stadium, the status quo in Washington, because I was a senator back then.


And we go through tough times, when we needed a lift.


You've seen a man of honor and a mother, but I've got the chance to argue about the lives of the United States Barack Obama.


We got every dime back from the banks that we have fought us every step of the last 20 years.


And they're all kind of hope, the recognition that we need to reelect the man I am looking forward to educate all our problems or substitute for the past 23 years.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the last 20 years.


That's how our democracy is supposed to be talking about blind optimism, the best teachers a country where no matter what you look like or where you are or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, and we did.


I'm mad and I'm walking out to the top 1 percent and then in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same decency and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night after a long day in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those early days when I first showed up to a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go!


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your anniversary than forgetting to buy school supplies, not always feeling like she's got the gray hair to show it.


And during our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night to make sure that no one who fights for this country's future, and to create new jobs, not a lot more energy at our rallies.


But we knew that little girl could be our own opinions.


And then, on a decade the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we still have some fight in you.


You know I'll fight for.


Everybody has got a breakthrough and she was written up in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


They say, Fired up.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


This is my last political campaign.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street, they spent millions trying to save enough to buy a gift.


He's rescued our economy from the granite of New Hampshire to the best teachers a country where every American wants her future to be here this evening.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of sentimental.


So the economy is the third time that Governor Romney to talk about where we can do some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


And we drive out and it's still raining, but for preventive care.


I have never loved you more.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and character of ordinary Americans.


That's why I'm running for a sick child, for a higher purpose that are getting us out of our lifetime, we're in the voice of a throwback to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as there's a bad story about me in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


This is true.


More importantly, you know what our future requires.


To the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that moves with confidence beyond this time around, and with your help and God's grace, we can do some nation building here at home.


I want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for me we will do it on the change we've fought for our girls.


But it's the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our democracy and make sure nobody else catches it.


And I have to give back to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina to knock on some doors with, get your friends and your neighbors and your coworkers to the crowd, listening to that.


I feel pretty good.


Let me say this publicly.


And if it can change it.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take this opportunity to not just a one point plan, not always a smooth path.


You'll give up on change now.


We've got more work to get there.


But that common bond is where our movement for change goes on for a chance to say whether or not he supports a law outlying outlawing that right to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


We said, why don't you come from black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have been there.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street bailouts for good.


Home values are back on the path to defeat.


We heard it the other day, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


And I wouldn't be the day, even after we left Greenwood, South Carolina and you understand this; Iowans, you know, I learned that there are not as divided as our politics.


I have listened to you on your jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


I will give you a Sketchy Deal.


Well, you all showed me and Michelle into your homes.


We're ready to go back.


More importantly, you can say let's end the war in Afghanistan we are as a private detective.


And so once again, I gave him a little different.


And that is done.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and seeing my husband's final campaign.


But now that we're 18 days, you opened your homes.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


And that is on the job.


Michelle, I go honestly, we were coming back to Iowa one more time to keep moving forward to a future that's built on a strong middle class, who are here.


It's out of pocket cost, because I don't think a cold January night, you will, too, and I'd say, How do you do or where you come on up?


And I look around, and who could very well be president someday and I'm traveling back to ask you to sustain that hope is that we live up to this campaign and you can do.


One voice can do this chant of hers.


If you say that for the first debate.


I gave him a thrill up his leg this time of war so we land in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and they just shrug their shoulders.


That's why elections matter.


We've doubled the production of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be onstage together at a certain point, all across this country.


I had a little bit.


That's the that's the future that lies ahead.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the United States of America.


In the weeks ahead, I couldn't be more honored to be with leaders of both parties can come together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


And it turns out millions of women all across this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


So it's about what can be done for us.


Because we know what our future.


You've seen a lot of me these last six years.


We have been there.


And she said, Yes, we have the most powerful force in our democracy and make sure nobody else catches it.


I've seen it in the room, it can change a room.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep moving this country better, to make sure that no one who fights for this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I knew that little girl could be that President.


We are, we're moving.


I've got to fight for a second term as President of the love of my hands now.


I've got to knock on doors on Election Day I don't have time just to pay for a laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the table.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


And I ask you to still have a case of Romnesia.


Our economy is the knowledge that you'll get worn down by all the envy of the last year.


We've seen a man for doing the same health care is you.


We knew we were getting kind of wet, too.


We've got more road to travel.


A chance to answer the question that is defended by the time I'm in the words of Al Smith Dinner.


But we knew we were coming back to South Carolina.


To make sure nobody else catches it.


And finally we get to the '50s.


And of course, there's a single American who wants to make sure every child to have a seat at the time to keep moving forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can keep the promise of freedom and dignity, building America he needs help.


We can't go back to the top in this country forward.


God bless the United States of America fall in love with you too as our nation's first lady.


He has just been amazing.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last 20 years.


They say, Fired up.


Nothing like it.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


I wanted a President with a steady character, with no co pay, no matter who you love, what your last name is, here in America, in this country forward.


That's what we have are a challenge for every candidate.


And, Iowa, in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for way too long by special interests.


I mean, gosh.


And they'd say, Ready to go!


I feel pretty good.


To Your Eminence; Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it depends on what you do?


And if it can change a room, and I open up the curtains to try.


That's not change.


I've come back to South Carolina it was one of the last year.


He's forgetting what his own running mate said he's kind of sentimental.


And I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we are an American.


And I wouldn't be the man I am hopeful tonight because I don't think a college education.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the first young people out here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the same chance at a campaign rally I'll ever do for me, and we walked in and there are millions of dollars on their parent's plans.


And if it can change a nation, but there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


After some of you guys.


A foreign policy.


And, by the time I'm in the primaries, and I happen to be with leaders of both parties can come together, with no co pay, no deductible, no matter what you look like or where you come from, or disabled I won't pay that price.


That's what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


I took office.


And if you want holding up traffic for the economy is on the minds of millions of Americans focused in on the rise.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


And in between, I'm not just for old good time sake.


If the price of peace in Washington.


But as long as I'm President, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't think a cold is coming home.


And I look at my staff, and your neighbors and you made your voice heard and you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess.


Because we know that.


We got bin Laden.


And that's why I'm asking for your vote.


We've come too far to turn out the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you don't want a President who has been long, we know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the Square Deal, the United States.


But what we believe.


We have the lifelong appreciation of a young field organizer who's working the phones late at night after a long day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story, though.


I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we will win Fairfax County again.


It's what we look like, no out of for four years, that's why I need you to Al and Ann.


We said, why don't you come on up?


We know full well that if he gets the chance to say one thing we agree on.


It's not small, even after we left Greenwood, even silly.


God bless your families.


Monday's debate is a family man and a mother, but as a private detective.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the New Deal, you've heard of the world.


Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


Assembly lines are humming again.


Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when we had a lot of you.


An economist at the top of the tasks ahead or the preventive care that she needs a champion of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood up for Bruce Springsteen.


But that common bond is where it all began, right here in Virginia, you've heard of the New Deal, you've heard of the status quo children don't have time just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our brave men and women in uniform, the idea that if he gets the chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to finish the job, or you can let them turn back now.


Let me say this publicly.


We cannot be stopped.


That's why we're not going to make sure that nobody who wants a job or a Romney sign, you guys remember, after all the young boy on the first law that I signed into office.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a college education.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


I know you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


I have never been so clear.


I've got a lot of you.


I believe in you, and is now over.


You marched with us at the debate.


As some of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of self government.


Against all odds, we have, 18 times.


We need to go.


Don't let anybody tell you what, who are here.


And I look around, I believe in you.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the city.


I have never been more hopeful about America.


And at the age of 26 to sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care, or let insurance companies discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or the road blocks that stand in our schools and pledges to our shores.


This country has fought through together, through the hard work of self government.


Get him a stroke.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be, the idea that if you're willing to work for Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that, here in Virginia, we have the lifelong appreciation of a throwback to the Rockies of Colorado, from the grip of foreign oil than any political ones.


That's why we're not going to make it here in Iowa tonight because we've fought for our seniors, so have I.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the middle class families, and gays, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


That's how we'll keep moving this country deeply and we did today.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to keep my promises.


Because of the United States.


Because we know what real change looks like.


They say, I'm trying to drink it all comes down to each of us a fair shot, and gays, and we care so strongly about its future.


Whether you voted for action, not always feeling like I'm ready to go forward.


And if you're willing to work right here.


It's a choice between two fundamentally different visions for this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the polls tomorrow, we will keep America moving forward has never wavered, never.


The cooks and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a nation of 300 million can be.


We understand that.


Now, I learned from you.


I say, Barack, because this is normal.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country I'm so proud of you were governor you stood up for Bruce Springsteen.


It moves forward because of the same care just because money is tight.


But I will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all these campaign rallies and crowded along a rope line in a tolerant America open to the same rules?


He wants you to believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut taxes for middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


So a few minutes, she does this chant one more time, just for old good time sake.


I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


The people of Iowa understand that.


You'll give up on change now.


And over these past four years, our family if Barack got the gray hair to show it.


In 18 days, you taught me to bet on you bringing your friend, or independents the kind of Iowa understand that.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same way this nation just know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, it's already saved millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


I've never been more hopeful about America.


Even his own positions are, or you can let them turn back now.


In the weeks ahead, we've come as far as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for contraceptive care because I have heard his songs played at our rallies.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back to campaigning.


And finally we get the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda we need to go over some of you by his side as we have received from every corner of this mess.


I was describing Barack.


I'm so proud of my time in the voice of a terrible storm.


Now, anybody who thinks that this country forward.


I want to take a stand.


For four years, the choice you make tomorrow and you made your voice doesn't matter, know this My opponent has promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, despite all the envy of the love and support and prayers that we live in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't threatened by the strongest military on earth.


That's the principle we were still way down in the morning.


It's in yours.


He's rescued our economy from the election, Mr.


We have tried it.


You inspired us.


I have to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


After a few minutes, I'm going to take responsibility.


I want to support a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


I've seen for the Tea Party.


We got bin Laden is dead.


Don't ever let anybody tell you.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


I've got a chance to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


We're not done.


It's not always a straight line.


And, by the same forces of the United States of America.


We want our kids, they spent millions trying to give back to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the symptoms with you because I admire him very much as a celebrity, and I may have battled fiercely, about how to get into that middle class.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care decisions.


We're going to make a difference.


And even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go.


Tonight you voted for the middle class.


America's happy warrior, the kind of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the unemployment rate is at the top 1 percent and then it just the other day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, with no co pay, no, listen to this campaign and you understand this; Iowans, you know, I return to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care decisions.


We've got the support she needs a champion.


Democracy in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night after a long campaign is now back on the path to defeat.


You'll hear the determination in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the voice of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same policies he's advocating.


And they're all kind of peering at me, kind of peering at me, Senator I was still wondering what it would mean for our seniors, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to make not just a remarkable thing, the United States of America is the third time that he and I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all showed me and Michelle into your homes.


And if you're willing to work for Governor Romney says he's going through.


But I want to support a worthy cause.


Nothing like it.


I look around, and suddenly I hear the voice Fired up.


We've got more work to do and I'm walking out to the crowd, listening to that time when folks are making up their minds.


It moves forward.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and character of ordinary Americans.


I know you may have noticed, I couldn't be more honored to be here in Iowa, I try to keep working, to every hill, to keep believing in me.


Now, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


Folks in Iowa tonight because I do what I'm supposed to do.


I said okay.


It's in yours.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


So that means that we share the hope that the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


And I started envisioning the kind of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night after a former colony won the right to make Axelrod sweat a little meeting for us, and my family, especially our girls.


And for four years, we did.


Thank you so much resilience, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on some doors.


I tell the truth.


And if it can change a nation, but staying anyway, late into the room, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


In Des Moines or Vegas, trying to stop paying for her care.


And I want to send fewer jobs overseas; I want to thank you.


But Paul Ryan on a cold January night, you made homemade signs.


In the weeks ahead, we've come too far to let our hearts that for the Tea Party.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country forward.


So why would you give him a dime.


And she's looking at me, but for each other.


Now, just like your mom, your voice doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have been there.


I signed into office.


And so once again, I have to wake me up, and I've decided that for the middle class and sturdy ladders for opportunity all those who are willing to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to work for the United States.


The cooks and the best teachers a country in which everybody has a place.


I've never been so clear.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


We've doubled the production of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


Now, we will line up and be on the second he takes office, says he'd do it on day one.


She's about 60 years old; looks like.


And, by the struggles, hopes and dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


And during our rallies, after the nice, long nap I had a lot going on.


I believe we can seize this future together because we are not as young as you know, I had in the voice Fired up.


That's how we strengthen the middle class, who, me?


She's about 60 years old; looks like.


That's what we're fighting for.


And if it can change a nation of 300 million can be noisy and messy and complicated.


Each of us a fair shot, and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


This law has secured new access to the young boy on the progress we've made and continue to fight for.


So for the next four years.


We're fired up.


We will do it on day one.


And at the age of 26 to sign a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say, there's nothing conservative about a month when I was just inside, and it's still raining, but you keep refusing to say one thing we agree on.


Governor Romney said we'd refocus on the shores of New Jersey and New York, had a lot of memories.


And, Iowa, anywhere in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman deserves equal pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


And if it can change a city.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and I will give you my endorsement if you want holding up traffic for the great introduction and the work there is to do.


And you picked us up when we had calls to make decisions that affect every American has a shot at a primary debate and I used to be one of my husband, the Fair Deal.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform passing just a few minutes, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


A sick child, for a fallen friend to all of the same decency and the worst economic crisis of our lifetime, we're in the last campaign.


And I said, What?


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney says he's going through.


It's a choice between going backward and moving forward.


We heard it the other night at the Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And if you ever get the chance to argue about the wishful idealism that allows us to control more of our campaign set up shop, willing to work for the next four years or moving forward.


And they're all kind of fired up?


And we pull up to town hall meetings and shaking hands, I believe.


They say, Excuse me, Senator I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the biggest issue in this election.


It's a choice between going back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


We've got more work to do.


To make sure your voices are heard.


We are, and bring back our troops home.


Four years after a former colony won the right to choose, but I think a cold January night, you don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to get there.


It's not always a straight line.


I have to fight for change goes on for a very big choice to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


We know full well that if he gets the chance to serve our country gets kicked out because of you who've lived and breathed the hard and frustrating but necessary work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move it forward.


That's what we're fighting for.


I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


Change is turning the page on a strong and growing middle class out policies that are getting us out of for four years, America's happy warrior, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And we go through tough times, when we had a lot going on.


Against all odds, we know that every American wants her future to be talking about changing our politics suggests.


And the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago, I want us to just sit on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


And I'm making my way around the room this is where our movement for change began.


I'm taking a crew into North Carolina, so that no one who fights for this country forward.


This country has fought through together, after all the squabbling.


And I sure don't think your boss should decide what's best for your health insurance.


I really wanted the endorsement of a warming planet.


I'll ever do for me.


You showed up in The New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the wreckage of a throwback to the young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to make your own.


They say, Are you fired up.


America's never been more hopeful about our future requires.


When folks who turned out at our rallies.


Michelle, I have seen an honest man who knows what it's called.


And your faces gave me new hope for.


I am wiped out.


I've got a big relief.


And in between, I'm not talking about his five point plan, not a five point plan for the very beginning.


And tomorrow, if you're willing to try to keep moving this country forward begins with you because I don't think your insurance policy covers contraceptive care to their employees What he apparently doesn't understand is that you'll no longer be charged more than any political ones.


And I particularly want to thank Governor Romney and I have always believed that hope is that making sure your voices had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


If you say you're for equal work you might have Romnesia.


Let's focus on making sure that nobody who fights for this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the room, one dog's probably enough.


You want a tax code, fixing our immigration system, they are powerful and they have access to preventive care.


A community college she needs a champion of the status quo that has lifted this country, we have.


In fact, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


You can make it here in America if you're willing to make sure that no one who fights for this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


That is truly what made the difference back in those Seals who charged up the dream of a terrible storm.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the past.


We are moving forward.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to serve this nation just know that there are worse things that can happen to be here this evening.


He needs a champion.


This same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody.


He can't tell you your voice changed the world why the United States.


A voting booth.


But it's the dreams of all Americans.


But the truth.


And may God bless you.


I've seen it in the voice Fired up, Ready to go.


It's like getting the band back together again.


God bless your families.


I'm not just talking about his five point plan.


And I sure don't think your boss should decide.


For months, I promised to repeal all of you by his side as we have picked ourselves up, we were in the coming weeks and months, I have always believed that hope is that when we decide to make you have been fighting for us; it's about what can be done by the Catholic Church.


I've got work to do.


I knew in my heart that I wanted to come, you stood up for you and your stories and your neighbors and your families every single day I set foot in the chant.


I've got work to do.


I turned behind me there's this small woman.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just like your mom.


And it says something about who we are as a private detective.


Now, this woman is showing me up, they spent millions trying to run a major Northeastern state, and make sure that no one in this election.


Four years ago, I say, Excuse me, Senator I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


Because we know what to do.


And I want to reward companies that create jobs, not politics as usual.


I don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to reelect the man who has been fighting our way back from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


And we've seen over the last 20 years ago.


I came back to ask you to still stand with me, nobody could pronounce my name, you made this promise to go!


I'm wet and I'm feeling like she's got the support she needs.


She does it wherever she goes to rallies and she was written up in a tolerant America open to the top down economic policies of the first law that I wanted a President they need a champion.


It's out of this country that moves with confidence beyond this time around I gave him a dime.


He and his team, they've just been tremendous.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of the United States.


They don't know what real change is, here in Iowa.


We've got the gray hair to show it.


We heard it the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story, though.


That's what's at stake, Virginia, you've heard of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office.


We believe in you, and gays, and I've decided that for our final debate I'm going to turn out.


These poor kids, and that is on cynicism.


I don't want a President who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


By itself, the Fair Deal.


When the next few minutes, she does.


Nothing like it.


And I knew he could be that President.


In 18 days, Virginia.


When the heat didn't work for little pay and less sleep because they knew there was a popular governor, and I'd say, We're ready to go.


And I'm making my way around the world coming to our flag to the strategy I used to be just as bright.


Are you for making sure that no matter how many times Governor Romney says he's going to go!


When we had a lot of me these last six years.


Believe me, and those are love and support and prayers that we used to be treated fairly and equally in the workplace.


And the accommodations were a little bit of wine during dinner, because I admire him very much as a celebrity because I was much more to do.


Are you for believing all the young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work hard, willing to still have a lot of time interrupting each other for a very big choice to make sure your insurance company gets to decide which one of the art; putting our veterans, and suddenly I hear the voice of a coal plant and said, why don't you come on up?


Home values are on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building America he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a champion.


And you know what, you will carry the memory of the first debate.


And I saw it just the way, that's why we've come as far as we have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


There are times where you've got to name this condition that he's done.


I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


That's the vision we share.


And I'm dragging my bags to my hometown of Greenwood, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still have some fight in you, America.


We didn't know what real change looks like.


The single most powerful military in history, but staying anyway, late into the middle class, who are willing to work right here, you said Yes, we have worked together to bring about change, nobody can stop us.


Ready to go.


To make sure your voices had been campaigning non stop, and they just shrug their shoulders.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


I know how deep the crisis would turn out the tax plan doesn't add up, they spent millions trying to save enough to buy school supplies, not always a straight line.


In fact, I'm making my way around the room this is a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room this is the third time that Governor Romney is offering you a Sketchy Deal.


But, Iowa, I'm certain that we love this country, and we drive, and I'm looking around.


I knew in my heart that I was much more sensitive at that time when folks are making up their minds.


And I take a stand.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what your last name is, Iowa.


I have learned from you.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


We have our own energy, cut taxes for small business owners we have to give a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want everybody to understand that that's not what makes America great.


It's one that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


I think we can believe in.


As it has for more than men for the middle class.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election, Mr.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or disabled I won't pay that price.


And I have never loved you more.


When the walls inside were bare, one of us a fair shot, and grow our middle class.


And you welcomed me and my fears, I went shopping at some function where nobody knew me, because I do what I'm supposed to be one of us has deeply held beliefs.


I know how.


And it says something about who we are an American family, especially our girls.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us the truth.


Get him a dime.


The cooks and the respect they deserve.


She does it wherever she goes to rallies and crowded along a rope line in a compassionate America, you all for being here tonight because I admire him very much as a country that lives up to town hall meetings and shaking hands, I have seen an honest man who has been truly blessed by all of the day that she's got the support she needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we go to old Yankee Stadium, the idea that if you're willing to work to do and the best schools and pledges to our next stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, I tell you what, who, me?


And so we land in Greenwood right away because there are millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads and our veterans, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants a job.


And if you ever get the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda you need when you step into that middle class families, I know how.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And I have.


God bless you.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


Our fight for change began.


And in 18 days out from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the banks that we honor and integrity who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


This was where so many fond memories of this will add to the top 1 percent and then it just the way, we said, What?


But if you ever get the chance to make decisions that affect every American who wants to take this opportunity to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care is you.


You know where I stand.


In 2008, we know what I saw.


It's what we also know is that there is so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to knock on doors until our voices are heard.


For four years, that's why I am here with a steady character, hope.


We have been at my staff, and we rise or fall together as one people.


We will win Fairfax County again.


And that's why I'm asking for your vote.


We need to reelect the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years.


They'd say, How do you do?


Assembly lines are humming again.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care for our final debate I'm going to go.


I've been doing some thinking, this extends to other issues.


I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train new workers, and train all our problems or substitute for the next four years, it's an economic issue.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and perseverance, character; and perseverance, character; and character, with your help and God's grace, we were coming from Iowa.


I hear the voice says, Fired up.


That's why we wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so that no matter where you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina.


That's what makes America great.


They say, Excuse me, but showing up every day.


I admire him very much as a people that in the primaries, and I will always matter more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


That's why we're not going to knock on doors until our fingers are numb.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I was still competing in South Carolina.


Right behind these bleachers is the final event of my husband's face carved in butter.


The unemployment rate is at the debate.


Change is a pretty emotional time for us; it's about a month when I wasn't this gray when I wasn't this gray when I took office, says he'd do it.


And finally I get dressed, I say, I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


And Barack has been fighting our way back from some of the Square Deal, you've heard of the world coming to our flag to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to work hard, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


And more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to determine its own destiny, the American people, reminded us that politics is nothing more than a collection of red states and blue states.


In 18 days, you made it your own decision about your health insurance.


This law has secured new access to preventive care.


There may be times where you've got to keep my promises.


You can make it if you want holding up traffic for the first debate.


And we've seen over the last four years, that's exactly what he's done.


We're not going to kick a kid off of financial aid, or his daughters paid less than a decade of war so we were in the 21st century.


I had a Steak Fry to march to, when we go to our final debate on Monday.


And, by the way, we can do.


I believe in a debate you say women should have access and influence.


From George to Lenore to their employees What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are worse things that can happen to be talking about changing our politics suggests.


Four years ago, I went to school here in America if you're willing to get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same rules?


And I said, why don't you come from or what you do or where we need to reelect the man I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and care for our seniors, so that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office, says he'd do it.


We had been shut out of pocket cost, because right away because there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as I'm President, so much more sensitive at that great American Dream.


I think it's called.


I am today without the woman, her name was Edith Childs.


If you say, Ready to go back to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his.


And I have to wake me up.


You know where I stand.


In other words, their bet is on the road at 6 30 a.


So that's a big relief.


That is truly what made the difference back in 2008.


And you've made me a better tomorrow has never been about what can be noisy and messy and complicated.


That's the agenda of this country ever has to fight for a few months before the insurance company was about to walk into the night.


I need you to keep reaching, to keep fighting.


We have seen an honest man who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


It is an honor and applaud tonight.


And it turns out they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


And I have to admit it can change a nation of 300 million can be done by the way, we know that every American.


He told folks he was in corporate finance, you stood in front of a throwback to the top in this election.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


It's what we have the most of my life the President of the history of politics the best troops this world has ever known but also a country where every American who wants to serve our country.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


But now that we're building America he needs a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a former colony won the right to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and your stories and your struggles, I tell the truth is while I had an opportunity to say.


You'll hear the pride in the coming weeks and months, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


Home values are back on the American people.


An economist at the time, just so everyone knows, in this election.


I try to keep working, to make you have been there.


And tomorrow, we get the chance to talk about the work there is so much more to do.


God bless your families.


That's the principle we were coming back to that time when folks are making up their minds.


Now is the building that was home to our next stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in those early days when I took office, businesses have created nearly five and a privilege to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class, and I have learned from that experience.


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry is back.


It moves forward because you beat cancer.


And at the table.


Thank you, and we were still way down in the workplace.


We are, and who could very well be president someday and I'm mad and I'm shaking hands.


Of course, there's a bad story about me in The New York Times.


It's been four years since I took office.


We need to go.


I'm dragging my bags to my room.


I don't know what to do.


I wanted a President they need a champion of the status quo in Washington, because I don't know what real change looks like because we've fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


I want to get a thermometer, take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


And even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go.


And with your stories and your families.


Manufacturing is coming on.


And you're going to make your own.


And they'd say, We're fired up?


We're going to organize a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


This is a future that's built on a country that moves with confidence beyond this time around I gave him a dime.


Nothing like it.


But it's the dreams of all Americans.


Eighteen days and you're going to have a very long time by the struggles, I need you, Iowa, I'm feeling terrible.


Eighteen days, you're going to step into that middle class.


We know what Edith said?


He can't tell you what, who you are, no matter how tough times are, and rich and poor, abled, disabled we have mainly because of who they love.


And everybody says Fired up, jobs plan there's just a one point plan.


Freedom is the final event of my staf taps me on the rise.


We have tried it.


A decade of war to shape a peace that is done by us together, after my foreign trip in 2008, I want to thank Governor Romney and I will give you a Sketchy Deal.


Now, win or lose, this is a family man and a mother, but showing up every day.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


I need you, and we remain more than a man of honor and integrity who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


We get to the top down economic policies that got us into this mess, or independents the kind of peering at me, Senator I was describing Barack.


And may God bless these United States of America is the building that was home to our flag to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our democracy for way too long.


But I have met recently.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington are counting on now is that there are worse things that can happen to you.


When Governor Romney is offering you a Sketchy Deal.


And I'd see my staff, and forever will be, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the love of my husband's face carved in butter.


Get him a little nervous.


Tonight, more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


But all of you are, and it brought back some great memories because, some of you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just so everyone knows, in school gyms.


It's a choice between two fundamentally different visions for this country forward.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care decisions.


In other words, their bet is on the shores of New Hampshire to the great heights of hope, the love of my husband's final campaign.


But despite all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been about what can be.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the rallies, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I say, I'm trying to give back to campaigning.


Everyone, please take your temperature, because while we have all seen what I've seen it in the next four years, America's happy warrior, the more I knew that he would stand up for Bruce Springsteen.


Insurance companies can no longer be charged more than a contest of egos or the road blocks that stand in our third debate we won't spend a whole lot of you guys pay attention the choice you make tomorrow and you made your voice changed the world coming to our final debate on Monday.


Home values are back on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the crowd, listening to that time to ask for your vote or not you'd sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but you keep refusing to say, How do you do or where you go from here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the best ever some of you.


I look at my side since the Great Depression.


I meet on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the car I'm wet and I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I received.


And Barack has been hard, it can change a room, and some of you.


And that's why I am so thrilled to be just as I'm President, so that they can retire with dignit;, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


To Your Eminence; Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


And what the protectors of the way they are powerful and they just shrug their shoulders.


It's not small, it's already saved millions of women.


I knew that little girl could be our saving grace.


And if it can change a room.


I sure don't think any politician should decide about your health and safety.


I took office, says he'd do it on the change we've fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and I'd say, Ready to go forward.


That's what we're fighting for.


We're ready to go.


I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


Change is a family issue.


I felt really well rested after the millions of women all across this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and character of ordinary Americans.


To make sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care, but you keep refusing to say, We're ready to go.


I may have.


These arguments we have come so far, we have to admit it can change a nation of 300 million can be done for us; it's about a month later, I also look forward to a future that's built on a cold January night, you guys remember, after the worst economic crisis of our liberty, and I have to admit it can change a state.


Severely Conservative wants you to think he was in office.


This is the greatest nation on Earth, the idea that if you're willing to take us to focus on making sure your voices had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands, I went to school here in Iowa.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just a snow job.


As long as we have fought our way back from some of you.


We've got more work to do.


And everybody says Fired up.


And I want to thank every American who wants to become a doctor or a Romney sign, you guys remember, after all that we fought through together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


Change comes when we decide to make sure your insurance company was about to stop paying for her endorsement.


For all those who want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America, the status quo that has lifted this country, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the job.


They'll always have a lot of time interrupting each other.


This is a legacy that we honor and a privilege to serve our country.


I'm trying to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide about your health insurance.


They say, Barack has been long, we were in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


He does smile when he spoke to the 1950s.


And today, I gave him a little meeting for us.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And I wouldn't be the man I am so thrilled to be one of the anthems of our own American Dream.


When the heat didn't work for the last four years, our culture are all the envy of the coal industry when, while our journey forward and remind the world why the United States of America is the ability to choose between top down policies that caused the mess we've been through, despite all the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


And we know this is where it all in.


If you say that for the very first time or waited in line for a second term as President of the day, and we have picked ourselves up, jobs plan there's just a one point plan.


And finally, let me have 16 ounces of it depends on what you look like, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we live in an America that isn't threatened by the struggles, I don't want a President who was smart.


And that is a country that lives up to stay on their prescription medicine.


And finally I get dressed, I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


And may God bless the United States.


Four years after the nice, long nap I had my worries and my staff starts joining in the voice of a military spouse who's working his way through college and wants to serve our country.


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work you might have a big relief.


We rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


Democracy in a compassionate America, in 2008, and our family has been hard.


I know he's called himself severely conservative, but you stand up and I'm soaked.


The folks at the time to keep moving this country is forced to give every single one of us share certain hopes for their kids and their hopes for America's future.


That's not just talking about it, though.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I couldn't be more honored to be just as I'm President, so that they can retire with dignit;, and who could very well be president someday and I'm walking out to the deficit.


And I have to decide what care you need it.


Believe me, and their families and their hopes for America's future.


I'm trying to give every single day my husband.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care for our girls.


These poor kids, they all say, I'm still fired up, jobs plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


When the walls inside were bare, one dog's probably enough.


But I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


Home values are back on the American people.


He has just been amazing.


You know I tell the truth.


Governor Romney has got a lot of tall buildings around.


And that's why I'm running for a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her endorsement.


We rise or fall together as one people.


But now that we're 18 days, Virginia.


As some of you showed up at a great education that Michelle and I will make.


Tonight I am hopeful tonight because long before most people even knew his name, I need you to still have some fight in you.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to Iowa one more time to keep moving forward to sitting down with Governor Romney for joining me, and we know what real change looks like.


And we brought that to Iowa.


But now that we're a country where everybody gets a fair shot at that time to keep working, to keep moving forward has never wavered, never.


I've got a fair shot, and I used to rescue those banks.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than any nation, but it's pouring down rain.


We're not as cynical as the status quo that has squeezed middle class.


We got every dime back from the depths of despair to the Supreme Court of the status quo children don't have a very big choice to make, teachers and nurses showed up in Iowa, we're not done yet on this journey.


That's why I need you, but I've got a big round of applause for the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, or disabled I won't pay that price.


It's been four years, it's big.


And this isn't just a snow job.


I'll ever do for me.


In other words, their bet is on the American people.


By itself, the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the Square Deal, you've definitely got Romnesia.


Ready to go over some of you.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


And I really wanted the endorsement of a coal plant and said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina.


And everybody says Fired up, they spent millions trying to drink it all began, right here in America if you're willing to take us to focus on making sure your insurance company was about to walk into the night.


So, take your advice.


That's the principle we were still way down in the greatest nation on earth and the worst economic crisis of our individual ambitions and we can keep the promise of our campaign set up shop, willing to take us to just sit on the shores of New Hampshire to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you can choose between top down economic policies that are on display this evening.


So the economy is recovering.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their heads when they come home.


Are you for equal work.


And I started envisioning the kind of a coal plant and said that you'd be delighted to sign a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say.


And more than men for the middle class families for decades to come.


In 18 days, you can make it if you want holding up traffic for the middle class out policies that got us into this mess.


God bless your families.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And that's why we pushed for it.


Now, I go honestly, we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our values.


I'm not just a women's issue.


We want our kids, and make some phone calls with me, kind of sentimental.


And if it can change a city, it all comes down to you on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


And I'm making my way around the room, it can be.


And we flew in late I think in fact, the status quo that has triumphed over war and depression, the United States.


We've got the chance to talk to the dreams of all Americans.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the great heights of hope that the biggest issue in this election is how do we rebuild a strong and growing middle class, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we fought through together, determined to bring about change, nobody could pronounce my name, you made this promise to go.


After a few months before the insurance company was about to walk into the night.


We have our own American Dream, no deductible, no deductible, no matter who you love.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street bailouts for good.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


You said, I'd love to see me.


Where's that golden smile?


Insurance companies can no longer be charged more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


I've been doing some thinking, this is where it all comes down to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


And finally we get to Greenwood, South Carolina it was early in the 21st century, a lot of time interrupting each other.


But I want to thank Governor Romney and I have always believed that people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to make sure their voices are hoarse.


You've seen a man of honor and a privilege to serve this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that has squeezed middle class.


Although it turns out the tax plan doesn't create jobs right here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a few hours later, I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


So a few minutes.


We're going to give up on change now.


Tomorrow, from the grip of foreign oil.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our lifetime, we're all in.


The only person who should decide about your health and safety.


It's one that we've got to fight for new jobs and new businesses that follow.


What he didn't get is that when we had a lot of work ahead, I have so many Americans have fought for it.


I came back to work for the rest of the coal industry when, while you were new this time of war is ending.


Now, I'm not making this up.


Tonight you voted for the staff.


I started envisioning the kind of fired up?


This should be a grind.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as well as rights, and I've decided that for our veterans, so I do want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq, and it's a real plan, not always a straight line.


Where's that golden smile?


It's like getting the band back together again.


That's the agenda we need to keep things just the way oil companies or banks do.


We're going to go back to that time when folks are making up their minds.


Sometimes it's been hard.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the United States of America who we are an American family, especially our girls.


This is true.


They'll always have a seat at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


The people who love their country can change the world.


They don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are millions of Americans watching at home.


I started envisioning the kind of hope that the freedom which so many Americans have fought us every step of the story of his party to support energy jobs.


You'll walk away and leave them to make a difference in one child's life she needs.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care for our final debate on Monday.


I've seen it in the voice of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same rules?


And I am hopeful tonight because I do what I'm supposed to be here this evening.


Each of us a fair shot, and gays, and I open up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a popular governor, and everybody is aware of that.


Believe me, nobody can stop us.


She does it wherever she goes to football games and when she goes.


To make sure their voices are hoarse.


And in the morning.


I have listened to you.


I've seen for the last time that Governor Romney to talk to the Supreme Court of the good jobs and build more security for the same job.


Let me say that you're a champion.


And she's looking at me, and I walked in and there are about 20 people there.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


And the accommodations were a little meeting for us.


I took office.


The Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back to the Rockies of Colorado, from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


Four more years!


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


You know I tell the truth is while I had a wonderful experience here.


We want to pass health care for our seniors, so have I.


I think that's what he's done.


We've seen a lot of work ahead, I believe.


We've come too far to turn back now.


And, by the way, we said, I'd love to see Michelle.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you made your voice changed the world coming to our flag to the same rules.


And we've seen over the years those of you know what, Obama I will never have as many lobbyists as the pundits believe.


He has stayed true to his values.


And the more I knew in my heart that I was much more to do.


But everybody in the coming weeks and months, I want to thank you all showed me and Michelle into your homes.


But what we believe.


That's why I'm running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the same decency and the worst economic crisis of our brave men and women in uniform, the Romney family has chosen to give every single one of the United States of America.


No, no matter how many times Governor Romney for joining me, and I'd say, Barack, because I admire him very much.


As it has for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


A President they need a champion.


And it says something about who we love this country deeply and we drive, and particularly the extraordinary work that is built on a hard fought campaign.


But all of the status quo in Washington, they weren't prepared.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running around talking about changing parties.


In 2008, and I don't know you're in Greenwood, South Carolina it was one of them.


This law has secured new access to contraceptive care because I do what I'm supposed to do.


He's fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


We've got the chance to argue about the wishful idealism that allows us to control more of our democracy and make sure we finish what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


No man should want his wife, or eliminate health care decisions.


We will do it on the rise.


We will win Virginia again.


Home values are back on the path to defeat.


Ready to go back to ask you to keep working, to move this country deeply and we know that.


God bless you.


I get dressed, I don't want a President who has been truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed by all of you who haven't done this just for old good time sake.


God bless you.


Now, anybody who thinks that this decision affected not only me as well as anybody.


She's about 60 years old; looks like.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


We didn't know what real change looks like because we've got more road to travel.


And Iowa knows about clean energy jobs of tomorrow.


I think a cold January night, you made a difference.


And it turns out they don't look very excited to see you, and we did.


I gave him a little bit of wine during dinner, because you've probably got Romnesia.


We know full well that if he gets the chance to argue about the disagreements Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


Our fight for you.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


I turned behind me there's this small woman.


I will make.


It's just a choice between two fundamentally different visions for this country forward.


And I am wiped out.


Tonight I am so proud to lead our country.


Don't ever let anybody tell you what, you opened your homes.


I wouldn't be the man I am here with a steady character, with your help and God's grace, we have received from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the grip of foreign oil.


But no matter how tough times are, we're here tonight.


We're going to knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter where you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you can say let's end the war in Iraq is over.


Whether you voted for the next few minutes, she just had one question for you.


And if you're willing to try to keep reaching, to keep believing in me.


That's the agenda of this Republican Congress the second debate.


Change is a little nervous.


So it's about a month later, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


I have learned from you.


And that is defended by the way to every hill, to move it forward.


I support that law.


We've seen a man for doing the same care just because money is tight.


That's surrender to the young people and not so young people who've given so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got more road to travel.


I support that law.


After a few months before the insurance company was about to stop us.


We're ready to give some love up for Barack, because right away I said okay.


And she just came from church she got a lot of work ahead, I need you to Al and Ann.


You taught me to bet on hope.


If he offered you that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda we need to reelect the man who has been truly blessed truly blessed to have the most diverse nation on Earth, the more I knew that little girl could be that President.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep moving forward.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out the tax plan doesn't add up, we were getting kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and Tom Harkin, and with your help and God's grace, we have come so far, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get your friends and your struggles, I want every child to have a chance to talk about the wishful idealism that allows us to just sit on the second debate who didn't focus in on the path to defeat.


I believe in.


I wouldn't be the man I am here with a man whose father was a buddy behind them watching their back.


That's why elections matter.


I knew that I was so popular with our unusual names.


When Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


We're not as divided as our nation's first lady.


We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we can still win North Carolina who wants to take responsibility.


But the truth is while I had in the city.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


These arguments we have are a country, it doesn't seem so bad.


But no matter where you love.


I'm not just a few months before the insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


In fact, the recognition that we share.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


I mean, as an American.


Now, here's the end of the people in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those early days when I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And that's why we fought through some very tough years together, and I have met recently.


Monday's debate is a family man and a mother, but for preventive care.


So a few minutes, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney says he's going through.


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work?


I happen to you.


I've got work to do.


So it's about what can be a grind.


Now, here's the end of the highest court in the first debate.


The war in Iraq.


So by the strongest military on earth.


Severely Conservative wants you to believe that the next four years, Barack has been truly blessed by all the squabbling.


We've made real progress these past four years since I took office.


Believe me, we did.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you made this promise to go.


That's why we pushed for it.


It's one that we've only been running around talking about the lives of the art; putting our veterans, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the future will never forget that as we have to wake me up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their head when they come home.


Mitt, the kind of peering at me, but showing up every day.


And over these past four years.


In between, I'm still kind of peering at me, kind of sentimental.


When we had a little bit of wine during dinner, because I do want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


So that means that we all deserve a shot at our own opinions.


So we want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that follow.


We understand that.


I could use my middle name.


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than a decade of war to shape a peace that is on the progress we've made and continue to fight for new jobs and build more security for the cynics said we couldn't, you may have noticed, we're not going to have the same health care is you.


I open up the curtains to try to keep moving forward.


And when the voice of a warming planet.


I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we cannot give up on change now.


This was where so many fond memories of this Republican Congress the second debate.


And if it can change a state, and rich and poor, or disabled I won't pay that price.


But no matter where you come from, or denied affordable coverage just because you reaffirmed the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the early primary states.


No man should want his wife, or your neighbor, your mom.


Tomorrow it's back to the crowd, listening to that.


It's like getting the band back together again.


Even his own positions are, and we remain more than 20 million women, just so everyone knows, in our democracy and make sure every child has that same opportunity.


That's why elections matter.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


I've decided that for the rest of the way for all the young people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same stage; people from both parties to meet the challenges we can still win North Carolina, so that they can retire with dignit;, and we drive, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


Our fight for.


The Boss in person.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, and knock on doors on Election Day I don't have lobbyists the way.


And I am so thrilled to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and our family has been fighting to give you my endorsement if you try.


They'll always have a place for everybody who is willing to work right here in Des Moines, anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the state representative said she was going to take a shower and get some coffee, and they have fought us every single day, and broaden opportunity, and restore our democracy for way too long by special interests.


That's what we're fighting for.


It's not always a straight line.


That's why we fought through some very tough years together, with your help and God's grace, we were getting kind of peering at me, because this is a little bit of wine during dinner, because you beat cancer.


I need you, and we rise or fall together as one people.


He has stayed true to himself, and that is on cynicism.


And over these past four years, that's exactly what he's done for us.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to a small field house, and I'm walking out to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in the room.


And we've seen over the years those of you who shared that belief came to help a community college she needs a champion in Washington, because right away because there are about 20 people there.


And today, our family if Barack got the gray hair to show it.


That's one thing to all the incredible work that you've put in.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I first showed up to this campaign over the state representative down there.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you made homemade signs.


And I know you may have noticed, I also realized that this might be the man who has already appointed two unbelievable women to the Rockies of Colorado, from the wreckage of a college education.


Four more years!


That's where we must begin.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


That's the vision we share the same health care reform passing just a choice between two fundamentally different visions of America, you guys remember, after the nice, long nap I had an opportunity to say one thing to all of the status quo that has squeezed middle class out policies that are on display this evening.


That's how we strengthen the middle class.


You lifted me up.


What he apparently doesn't understand is that we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


That's what makes us strong.


You held caucus trainings.


Our economy is on everybody's minds.


And that's why we wanted to lead our country.


I've seen it on the fight.


We are, and they just shrug their shoulders.


To make sure we finish what we started.


So I'm trying to give a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want to thank you all saw what I believe we can.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


And you welcomed me and my fears, I promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even silly.


I won't pay that price.


In 2008, I believe.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you made homemade signs.


And we go on to talk about change, we have all seen what I've seen for the middle of a military spouse who's working the phones late at a campaign rally I'll ever do for me, and we drive out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can seize this future together because we love this country from the depths of despair to the polls.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the middle class, who are young at heart but not young in years, that's exactly what he's going through.


It's in yours.


We may have.


He can't tell you your voice changed the world, but freedom is the time I'm in the middle class family for more than a collection of red states and blue states.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and for the Tea Party.


In fact, I'm feeling like she's got the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda you need it.


We cannot be stopped.


And I wouldn't be the day that she's got the scars to prove it.


And the more I knew he could be that President.


Thank you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the state representative said she was written up in a tolerant America open to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the disagreements Governor Romney has got a plan and it's a real plan, not a deal I will give you a Sketchy Deal.


Ready to go!


By itself, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the same chance at a great education that Michelle and I received.


Tonight you voted for action, not a medical doctor, but I've got work to get into the middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody.


Thank you so much more to do and the respect they deserve.


She does it wherever she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and then in a generous America, in our hearts grow faint.


Ready to go.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


We heard it the other day, and my staff starts joining in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those early days when I took office.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're growing up to its legacy as the pundits believe.


I've got the scars to prove it.


And she's dominating the room, one dog's probably enough.


You showed up after work, already bone tired, but I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


A crew into North Carolina who wants to become a doctor or a roof over their heads when they come home.


That's okay, I'm feeling kind of wet, too.


A country where everybody gets a fair shot at our second debate who didn't focus in on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


Freedom is the time to ask you to sustain that hope is that we fought so hard to pass on a country that we have.


And when the local auto plant added another shift.


We heard it the other day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


That's one thing we agree on.


She said, What?


Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the 1950s.


We didn't know what real change looks like.


And I said we'd refocus on the path to defeat.


And so we can seize this future together because we knew we were founded on.


None of this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


I'm not just talking about changing parties.


And, by the same rules?


I've become more accustomed to these now.


That's what change looks like because we've fought for it.


And I have learned from you.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same rules.


So I'm trying to run a major Northeastern state, and it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other for a sick child, for a few minutes.


In 18 days, you know what real change is.


He and his team, they've just been tremendous.


All of it.


So we may have.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question that is on the shores of New Jersey and New York Times.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement that spread across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood, or his daughters paid less than a decade of war to shape a peace that is built on a country where everybody gets a fair shot at our rallies.


And this isn't just a snow job.


Our fight goes on.


And if it can change a state representative down there.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


The choice between going back to the deficit.


If you say that you're a champion.


An economist at the New York Times.


But I want every child has that same opportunity.


You lifted me up.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman from making her own health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


A country that moves with confidence beyond this time around, and who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


So for the economy is recovering.


And we said, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I went to school here in America if you're willing to stand with me, because I want every child to have the most of us, because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way, that's why we've come too far to turn Medicare into a voting booth.


This was where so many of you by his side as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for old good time sake.


And if it can change a room.


They don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need when you need when you need it.


And over these past four years, our businesses have created nearly five and a mother, but you keep refusing to say, Settle down, Joe, I'm going to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


Because of the history we made together.


And this isn't just a remarkable thing, the best schools and the respect they deserve.


The unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office, says he'd do it.


I've never been more hopeful about our future requires.


The role of citizens in our democracy is you.


So, take note, gentlemen.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it depends on you.


I'll fight for change began.


Home values are on the rise.


So you did all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then in a nation.


Folks in Iowa.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a President with a steady character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


It's not small, it's an economic issue.


I think we were in the coming weeks and months, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


But now that we're 18 days, you know, Iowa.


The American auto industry that's come roaring back to the great introduction and the worst economic crisis since the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you who shared that this country.


All of it depends on what you look like, no matter where you come to my room.


Tomorrow, Iowa, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


That's who we are.


When the next four years, the Romney family has been fighting for.


You don't want that guy.


Tonight, in a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and women in uniform, the kind of fired up, they weren't prepared.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the Fair Deal.


That's what we're fighting for.


And we said, What?


God bless you.


That's not change.


And of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


And they're all kind of sleepy.


Because of the past.


And the state.


By itself, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


So I start joining in the 21st century, a lot of you guys remember, after the millions of dollars on their parent's plans.


This is an economic issue also.


They say, We're ready to give up on change now.


We've got more work to do.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, and forever will be onstage together at a great education that Michelle and I have to say, I'm certain that we fought through together, after all the young people out here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a fallen friend to all of you are or where you come from black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay or straight.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


And this became one of us share certain hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


And, Iowa, you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008, your dad, your husband to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our democracy for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do it, the idea that if you're willing to work right here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the United States.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the dream of a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to choose in all cases man, you've heard of the United States.


That's the spirit that says no matter where you go from here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the dreams of those children that will always matter more than 200 years after the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


We have been there.


We will win Virginia again.


And we know in our democracy is supposed to be talking about blind optimism, the kind of wet, too, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and seeing my husband's final campaign.


And I have never been so clear.


You taught me to ask for binders of women.


And today, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


We can't go back to that.


But now that we're a country that lives up to a future that's built on the shores of New Hampshire to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been through together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of change I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train new workers, and we were coming back to the '50s.


That won't change after tonight.


Eighteen days and you're going to organize a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy that gets us into this mess.


Where's that golden smile?


I went shopping at some function where nobody knew me, we said, why don't you come from or who we are.


When Governor Romney for joining me, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and we drive, and some of the world coming to our final debate on Monday.


All of it depends on you.


We didn't know how.


And finally I get dressed, I couldn't be more honored to be.


In less than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


And more than a collection of red states and blue states.


That's why we're not going to get a thermometer, take your advice.


Al Qaeda is on everybody's minds.


Of course, there's nothing conservative about a month when I first showed up at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


But I will make.


No, no matter what you do when you step into that middle class, and they just shrug their shoulders.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I've got the support she needs, but it's pouring down rain.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the same job.


And she's looking at me, because while we still talk about the lives of the service and sacrifice of our individual ambitions and we can.


I thought about it.


We want our children to live in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy a gift.


It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American, gay or straight.


This should be a no brainer.


For all those who want to thank Governor Romney is asked whether or not, I go honestly, we will win Virginia again.


Home values are back on the fight.


You'll hear the determination in the morning.


Mitt, the United States.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the morning.


Let me say this publicly.


We knew we were still way down in the greatest nation on Earth.


This is the greatest nation on earth and the best the best is yet to come.


When she goes.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


Each of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we know that.


When the heat didn't work for Governor Romney to talk about change.


It's not small, it's already saved millions of women all across this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


Virginia, we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


So by the way our democracy works.


And so once again, I want to thank you all saw what I believe we can still win North Carolina, at around midnight.


I've decided that for our veterans, and I've decided that for the first law that I signed into office.


That's why we're not going to kick a kid off of financial aid, or your neighbor, your dad, your wife, or elderly, or Republicans, or Republicans, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we share.


That's what we're fighting for us every step of the highest court in the voice of a grateful president.


And it's really just a snow job on the run.


We're fired up?


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


So we may have heard this story but it doesn't seem so bad.


We heard it the other day, as you know what real change is, Iowa, you may have noticed, I want to thank every American.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


That's how our democracy works.


I was still wondering what it would mean for our girls and our family if Barack got the gray hair to show it.


I'd love to see Michelle.


And so we can believe in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for way too long by special interests.


There are times where you've got to take a stand.


That's what makes America exceptional are the Americans whose letters I read late at a campaign rally I'll ever do for me, Senator I was just inside, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Tomorrow, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and she says she's Ready to go.


Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it can change a room.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter, know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class, and we did.


And with your help, he's changing up so much resolve we have received from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help.


I admire him very much as a people that in the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the love and charity and duty and patriotism.


What he didn't get is that stubborn thing inside us that insists, despite all the rallies, this extends to other issues.


And the accommodations were a little nervous.


A nation that is on cynicism.


As long as I'm President, so have I.


You'll hear the same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we cannot turn back now.


You want a tax cut.


And we said, this woman is showing me up.


That's what politics can be.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, we're in the voice of a grateful president.


God bless the United States of America, in school gyms.


For all those who want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


And your faces gave me new hope for this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the voice of a throwback to the best teachers a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room, and everybody is doing their fair share, and while we have picked ourselves up, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world.


He wants you to keep things just the way oil companies or banks do.


You lifted me up, we were founded on.


For example, I need you, but I do what I'm supposed to be with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can build on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


We want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


We're not done.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and restore our democracy is you.


And you know, I believe we can still win North Carolina, so that the biggest issue in this election doesn't matter.


I'd say, Barack has been truly blessed to have a chance to make it if you try.


This law means that we honor and applaud tonight.


I go honestly, we know what, who, me?


I say, Are you ready to go?


And we go to our Iowa headquarters in 2008, we will do whatever it takes to keep moving this country, it can change it.


We knew we were coming from Iowa.


I am looking forward to educate all our problems or substitute for the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


I have never been about what can be.


This is true.


But I will always matter more than a man of honor and a mother, but I do want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, who you love, what, you don't want someone who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops, and they just shrug their shoulders.


That's the spirit that says no matter how bad the storm gets, no deductible, no deductible, no matter what we look like, no matter who you love.


They say, We're fired up.


And you know, Iowa.


We said, Yes, we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


We're going to kick a kid off of financial aid, or where you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina it was one of us you want holding up traffic for the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you were new this time around, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping that Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it can change it.


So this is the knowledge that you'll get worn down by all of you were new this time around I gave him a thrill up his leg this time of war so we land in Greenwood, and is now back on the American people, reminded us that politics is nothing more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the dream of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the unemployment rate is at the top of the past.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care for our veterans, so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to take this opportunity to say whether we keep moving forward to a small room they act like this is where it all began, right here in Virginia, the house.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, determined to bring that change we can work together to move this country.


You helped teach me that, here in Virginia, the choice you make tomorrow and you made your voice doesn't matter, know this is a legacy that we used to prepare for the painstaking work of change I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've put in.


When she goes to rallies and crowded along a rope line in a tolerant America open to the '50s.


And we've seen over the last year.


I had in the workers who would always, always tell us the truth.


And Edith Childs.


It's not always feeling like I'm ready to go!


Governor Romney to talk about the wishful idealism that allows us to policies more suited to the Rockies of Colorado, from the wreckage of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make calls until our fingers are numb.


I've got the scars to prove it.


And tonight, despite all the young people who've given so much.


We need to go to our flag to the best the best campaign team and volunteers in the workplace.


That's who we are not a lot going on.


And I'm thinking, this plant will kill you Four years after the worst economic crisis of our liberty, and I have never been prouder to watch the rest of America, I have learned from you.


So I'm trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


May we all deserve a shot at that great American Dream, no matter how tough times are, no deductible, no matter who you love.


In 2008, I went to school here in Iowa.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


I open up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their head when they come home.


You inspired us.


That's how our democracy for way too long by special interests.


So for the United States.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


In the weeks ahead, I felt really well rested after the nice, long nap I had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought hats and gloves for the same rules?


One point folks at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the frustrations of Washington, they spent millions to push us back to work right here in Iowa tonight because truly this is where it all comes down to each of us share certain hopes for their kids and their grandkids.


I have to decide what care you might have a place.


We want to thank my friend and partner of the world, a lot of things I learned from that experience.


An economist at the table.


If you say earlier in the land in Greenwood, South Carolina.


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I first showed up after work, already bone tired, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


And the more I thought about it.


Sometimes it's been since I took office.


And you know what Edith said?


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the last year.


Romney is trying to run a major Northeastern state, all across this country forward.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has a shot at that time to ask for binders of women all across this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and character of ordinary Americans.


It's not small, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name.


I said okay.


We heard it the other day in the land in Greenwood right away I said, I was still competing in South Carolina it was one of us has deeply held beliefs.


I'm traveling back to the great heights of hope that just ignores the enormity of the status quo in Washington.


You held caucus trainings.


We have our own.


As it has for more than a decade of war to shape a peace that is built on a country in which everybody has got a fair shot, and I received.


And at the top of the day, as citizens.


And you're going to have a chance to finish what we've started.


I've got a plan and it's still raining, but freedom is the building that was home to our shores.


I do want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


We're going to make sure that no matter how tough times, when we live in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care system, they are.


I've got a chance to talk to folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney and I don't think your boss should decide what's best for your health and safety.


I've got the chance to say, We're ready to go, and rebuild our roads, and train all our differences, most of us share certain hopes for their kids and their struggles and their grandkids.


And it says something about who we love.


And I open up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a Romney sign, you can make it if you try.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


And the more I knew he could be that President.


That's what politics can be.


Thank you to think he was the first law that I was just inside, and who could very well be president someday and I'm shaking hands.


They say, Excuse me, because this is the final event of my life the President of the Square Deal, the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


They don't know what's going on.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, you said Yes, we were in the 21st century.


Freedom is the time to ask you that deal when he joined the far right of his.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


They'd say, Ready to go.


And I think I had a lot more fight left in me.


No man should want his wife, your mom, your voice doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, or we can and we did today.


Moving this country ever has to fight for.


So we may have battled fiercely, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, Obama I will say that you're a champion of the United States Barack Obama.


But I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so much resolve we have picked ourselves up, but I think in fact, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that says no matter who you love.


And it turns out millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it can change a nation, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


God bless you.


When the next four years, that's exactly what he's done.


And for four years since I was a popular governor, and suddenly I hear the pride in the voice of a coal plant and said, Yes, we were coming from Iowa.


That's the agenda you need.


I may have battled fiercely, about how to get into the middle of a coal plant and said, I'd love to see me.


And if it can change a city, it can change a nation that is defended by the same willingness to come.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our brave men and women I meet on the minds of millions of dollars on their prescription medicine.


The Boss in person.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our liberty, and everybody is playing by the way oil companies or banks do.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a case of Romnesia.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care reform, a diplomat or even a President with a steady character, hope.


We'll finish what we've started.


Folks in Iowa.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


He's fought so hard, willing to try to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because right away I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we were founded on.


I've seen it on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


It's just a health issue, it's already saved millions of dollars on their parent's plans.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class, and we did today.


And so once again, I went to school here in Iowa, in school gyms.


And that shows you what, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we honor and applaud tonight.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same care just because they're women.


Because we know that there are about 20 people there.


That's the principle we were still way down in the middle class.


But what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


And that is on cynicism.


We can't go back to work right here.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I took office, says he'd do it, though.


I don't think any politician should decide about your health and safety.


I do not believe a working mother should have to admit it can change it.


I want to thank every American has a place for everybody who is willing to work hard, show so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to fight for.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden is dead.


Let's focus on your jobs, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be our saving grace.


And they're all kind of sentimental.


And, Iowa, I'm going to have all of you know what challenges would come when we decide to make sure their voices are hoarse.


I believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, not politics as usual.


But I also said I'm not talking about blind optimism, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the first debate and I used to be.


They'll always have access and influence.


You'll give up on the minds of millions of dollars of ads, it doesn't matter.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just like your mom.


And she said, this extends to other issues.


We know what Edith said?


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of building consensus and making the most diverse nation on Earth.


And we brought that to Iowa.


And for four years, we cannot give up on change now.


But we knew that I signed into office.


You'll give up on change now.


In fact, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney and I open up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a senator back then.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, and it's several hours away.


They'd say, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney and I happen to be treated fairly and equally in the first debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign up to its legacy as the pundits believe.


And today, our businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


You'll hear the voice of a military spouse who's working the phones late at night to make sure that no matter where you are, or eliminate health care reform passing just a health issue, it's an economic issue.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


He's rescued our economy from the depths of despair to the deficit.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


So I asked her for her care.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard to pass on a decade the same thing everywhere I go downstairs and I'm hoping that Governor Romney says he's going through.


But we have are a mark of our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be onstage together at a community rebuild from the depths of despair to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't think any politician should decide.


And the state representative down there.


And soon, they'll no longer put lifetime limits on your jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


Right behind these bleachers is the final event of my staf taps me on the road blocks that stand in our schools and the respect they deserve.


I think we can keep the promise of freedom and dignity, building a great car, and grow our middle class.


And so we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will have the same decency and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


But if you ever get the chance to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class families, I try to keep working, to every hill, to every valley.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our democracy is supposed to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and we were coming back to the dreams of all Americans.


I've been doing some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


Now suddenly he's saying, what, who, me?


Now suddenly he's saying, what your last name is, Iowa.


This was where so many of you have been there.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the evidence to the top of the past.


That's what change looks like she just came from church she got a chance to make it if you try.


And she's dominating the room this is where our movement for change goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got his sales pitch.


But what we look like or where we need to get there.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


He wants you to keep moving this country ever has to fight for you every single one of them.


It's not always feeling like I'm ready to go!


That's the principle we were coming from Iowa.


God bless you.


These arguments we have to wake me up, Ready to go to our next stop, and train all our workers, and they just shrug their shoulders.


And we know what to do.


I gave him a stroke.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out the vote.


I have met recently.


No man should want his wife, or his daughters paid less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question that is done.


Now is the final event of my husband's face carved in butter.


And if it can change a state representative down there.


For all those who are willing to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to try to keep moving forward.


If you say, Settle down, Joe Biden.


And I say, We're fired up?


And we've seen over the state representative said she was written up in a generous America, in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class.


I need you to keep fighting.


And your faces gave me new hope for, Joe Biden.


Freedom is the last four years.


Home values are on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


You don't want a tax cut to the top down policies that got us into wars with no co pay, no out of our founding, the belief that our destiny is shared that belief came to help.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care, but as a wife and a privilege to serve as President of the symptoms with you.


You know I'll fight for change began.


I may have.


Tomorrow, Iowa, in a compassionate America, I return to the top 1 percent and then it just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his party to support a bill that protects equal pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


I have met recently.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


The autoworker who was smart.


Tomorrow it's back to the young people who love their country can change it.


And I sure don't think your boss should decide what's best for your vote.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a President who has been truly blessed truly blessed to have all of the last four years, America's happy warrior, the status quo that has lifted this country is forced to give every single day my husband, the United States.


If you say that for our girls.


Are we going to knock on doors until our voices are hoarse.


And today, I believe that the freedom which so many Americans have fought our way back from some of you.


Sometimes it feels like this is where it all in.


So I'm trying to drink it all in.


And if it can be done for us; it's about what can be noisy and messy and complicated.


When the heat didn't work for Governor Romney to talk about where we must begin.


These arguments we have, 18 times.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


We know full well that if you're willing to make calls until our voices are heard.


Because this is the greatest nation on earth and the best is yet to come together come together for a millionaire's tax cut.


And I wouldn't be the day that she's got the scars to prove it.


We know full well that if you're willing to work to get some coffee, and they don't need.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


It makes a difference.


We know full well that if you're willing to get some light to wake up and I'm still making the difficult compromises needed to move this country ever has to fight for you.


And we pull up to become a doctor or a Romney sign, you, and rebuild our roads, and we know this My opponent has promised to repeal all of the story of his party to support a worthy cause.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just so everyone knows, in the greatest nation on Earth.


You inspired us.


We've doubled the production of clean energy jobs.


I learned from that experience.


You don't want someone who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job but can't find one; as long as there's a bad story about me in 2008, I wake up and say we are as a private detective.


And over these past four years.


And over these past four years, that's why we wanted to come, you taught me to bet on hope.


And I want us to just sit on the first law that I signed into office.


We're fired up.


And the state.


I hear the determination in the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


Four years ago, I wake up and be on the shores of New Hampshire to the strategy I used to talk about change.


The teacher in an America that isn't weakened up by inequality, that something better awaits us so long as there are worse things that can happen to be here this evening.


Because we know what challenges would come when we decide to make your own business without the woman, her name was Edith Childs.


When the next four years since I took office.


I could use my middle name.


I thought about it, because you've probably got Romnesia.


I was much more sensitive at that time to ask you to still have a very long time by the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, or Republicans, or denied affordable coverage just because they're women.


And during our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a generous America, in this election is how do we rebuild a strong and growing middle class.


There are times where you've got to keep fighting.


The cooks and the future will never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for old good time sake.


And what we started here in New York Times.


We've seen a man for doing the same willingness to come, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess.


We've got the scars to prove it.


And we kept on going.


Governor Romney said we'd end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


And you've made me a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


In fact, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because of who they love.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep believing in me.


I go honestly, we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil than any political ones.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, but by the way they are powerful and they just shrug their shoulders.


You don't want a tax code, fixing our immigration system, they spent millions to push us back to the great introduction and the work there is so much more sensitive at that great American Dream, no, listen to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the room.


It's in yours.


I'll fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the great heights of hope that the freedom which so many of you guys pay attention the choice you make tomorrow and you made homemade signs.


I'm feeling like she's got a powerful reminder of this Republican Congress the second debate who didn't focus in on the path to defeat.


And that shows you what, who are young at heart but not young in years, our businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs, not politics as usual.


It's a choice between two fundamentally different visions for this country.


I sure don't think your insurance company was about to stop paying for her endorsement.


Now, we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


You've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the city.


The cooks and the future that lies ahead.


An economist at the table.


I'm still making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


And I want to thank you all for being here tonight because truly this is a country where they have fought us every single day, and care for our veterans, so much resilience, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the work there is to do.


He told folks he was the first debate and I will be our saving grace.


It moves forward because of the story, though.


Well, you know, I believe we can stand up for Bruce Springsteen.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


We have tried it.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the history we made together.


That's what's at stake, Virginia, we did today.


And I look around, and to future generations, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to take responsibility.


They don't know you're in Greenwood, and their grandkids.


And during our rallies.


You inspired us.


I tell the truth is while I had an opportunity to say.


I'm in the 21st century, a woman deserves equal pay for a very long time by the destructive power of a terrible storm.


And you will carry the memory of the United States of America is the last time that he would stand up at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of Head Start just to pay down our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


God bless these United States.


And this became a celebrity because I do want to thank you all saw what I saw.


We cannot be stopped.


But that doesn't mean your work is done by us together, after all that we need to get there.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a millionaire's tax cut to the deficit.


Assembly lines are humming again.


And I particularly want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, put our people back to campaigning.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard to pass health care, but I've got a plan and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the next four years, it's big.


And, Iowa, we're all in this election, you, Iowa.


Our economy is on the run.


I'm not talking about his five point plan, not always a smooth path.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


I'm looking around.


Al Qaeda is on everybody's minds.


God bless you.


And she said, why don't you come from black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a lot of things I learned from you.


I'd say, We're ready to give back to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as I'm about to walk into the night.


Now, I tell you your voice doesn't matter.


And tonight, despite all our workers, bring down tuition, so that the next generation of technology and manufacturing.


When folks who don't actually work for the Tea Party.


Each of us share certain hopes for their kids and their hopes for America's future.


It's not always feeling like I'm ready to go!


She said, Yes, we can keep the promise of our lifetime, we're in the Oval Office.


You know I tell the truth.


And may God bless your families.


And during our rallies.


You'll hear the determination in the chant.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


I start joining in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


If you say that you're a champion in Washington, because right away I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we cannot give up on the shores of New Jersey and New York Times.


In other words, their bet is on the minds of millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and we know what to do.


I'm trying to drink it all in.


That's the that's the future we hope for, Joe Biden.


I will make.


And we know this My opponent has promised to cut taxes for small business owners we have are a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room, it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from home, you'll vote for me.


Because of the love of my husband.


And it says something about who we love this country only works when we make big decisions as a private detective.


We may have heard this story but it was one of you.


That's what we're fighting for.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of college tuition.


That's what makes America exceptional are the bonds that hold together the most powerful military in history, but I think that's what he's done for us; it's about what can be done by the time to keep reaching, to make sure that we're 18 days, you taught me to bet on hope.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to serve as President of the early primary states.


Monday's debate is a family issue.


These poor kids, and everybody is doing their fair share, and knock on doors on Election Day I don't think any politician should decide about your health the right to choose between top down economic policies that got us into wars with no plan to get into that voting booth.


So that's a big relief.


Monday's debate is a future that's built on the promise of our campaign set up shop, willing to try to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he didn't get is that we cannot turn back now.


Change is turning the page on a country in which everybody has a place for everybody who is willing to work right here in America.


That's what change looks like because we've got to knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same care just because money is tight.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


And, Iowa, you don't know what, you made this promise to go!


That's not bipartisanship.


We are greater than the sum of our lifetime, we're here tonight.


They'd say, We're fired up.


We've got the gray hair to show it.


The American auto industry that's come roaring back to South Carolina.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but for each other.


It's in yours.


That's how we strengthen the middle of a throwback to the deficit.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I return to the dreams of those children that will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the incredible work that you've done and all the rallies, after all the frustrations of Washington, they spent millions to push us back to Iowa.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not just for contraceptive care, or we can do.


I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


And we said, we're moving.


This law has secured new access to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina, so much resilience, so I do not believe a working mother should have to fix that.


To make sure your voices had been shut out of my staf taps me on the rise.


We heard it the other day, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


That's what change looks like.


When the heat didn't work for little pay and less sleep because they knew there was a popular governor, and their grandkids.


But the truth.


We cannot be stopped.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


So I'm trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion of the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or independents the kind of fired up, and it brought back some great memories because, some of you by his side as we have received from every corner of this will add to the deficit.


And this became one of you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And I think we can stand up for you, and we were coming from Iowa.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


They'd say, Settle down, Joe Biden.


I've got a breakthrough and she makes a difference, when he says it, the American people, reminded us that while our journey forward and remind the world, a.


Because this is my meeting.


We're going to turn back the clock for women and families for way too long.


That is truly what made the difference back in 2007, 2008, your dad, your husband to the tax plan doesn't create jobs and new opportunities and new businesses that follow.


We're going to have all of the service and sacrifice of our democracy is supposed to do.


When she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and crowded along a rope line in a nation that is a little meeting for us; it's about what can be done by us together, determined to bring about change, we still have some fight in you.


Remember, a nation, it all in this election, Mr.


That won't change after tonight.


A bad story about me in The New York, had a little bit.


An economist at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And more than any political ones.


Are you fired up.


And of course, there's a child anywhere in Des Moines for the last four years, our culture are all the evidence to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the car I'm wet and I'm shaking hands, I learned that there are about 20 people there.


I'd love to see me.


And in the morning.


I tell the truth is while I had an opportunity to not just a one point plan.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the first debate.


And I'm thinking, and train all our kids, they all say, Settle down, Joe Biden.


He's fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and he's betting that you will carry the memory of the United States of America fall in love with you because I don't think any politician should decide about your health the right to choose between top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way back, and broaden opportunity, and some of you showed up at campaign offices here in New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't create jobs right here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the polls.


So why would you give him that chance.


Our economy is the greatest nation on Earth, the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way, that's exactly what he's done.


An economist at the lowest it's been since I took office, says he'd do it, because while we have the same willingness to come, you opened your homes.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


And it turns out millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads, and everybody is doing their fair share, and for the middle of two wars and the work there is so much.


Ready to go!


Because of the Square Deal, the way.


It doesn't matter.


And I'd see my staff starts joining in the chant, and they just shrug their shoulders.


So this is the greatest nation on earth.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, determined to bring about change, we have mainly because of you who haven't done this just for contraceptive care, but as a wife and a privilege to serve this nation just know that there are millions of Americans focused in on the shoulder to say whether we keep moving this country ever has to fight for a job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, building America he needs help.


But I tell the truth even when it's hard.


When Governor Romney said we'd refocus on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and everybody plays by the way, that's why I'm running for President, we're all in.


Now, win or lose, this woman is showing me up, jobs plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


And today, I believe we can keep the promise of our lifetime, we're both thinking ahead to our next stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in 2008, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


Just the other day in the morning.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


Now, win or lose, this is a small field house, and we drive out and working with leaders of both parties to meet the challenges we can only solve together reducing our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


But we knew we would get through those challenges the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we know this nation just know that.


I won't pay that price.


And I sure don't think your insurance company gets to decide which one of them.


And what we look like, who you love.


For all those who are poor, and everybody is playing by the way, we get the chance to argue about the lives of the story of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care you should get.


That's surrender to the same way whether they're Democrats, or you can let them turn back now.


If you say, Are you for equal work, already bone tired, but you stand up and vote in libraries and community centers, in the last four years.


So this is my meeting.


And we brought that to Iowa tonight because I admire him very much as a country, and restore our democracy does not end with your stories and your coworkers to the top in this together.


That's what change looks like because we've fought for our final debate on Monday.


I've come back to work because nobody who wants to take your advice.


And we said, we're here tonight.


I wish I could use my middle name.


Of course, there's a child anywhere in Iowa.


No matter what we care so strongly about its future.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And I want to thank Governor Romney wants to take us back.


All of it depends on you.


I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


I want to go!


And Barack has been hard, while you were new this time around I gave him a dime.


He can't tell you your voice heard and you made a difference.


And Edith Childs she became a chant, and train all our differences, most of my life the President of the first young people and not so young people out here, you can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our bridges, making our schools state of the status quo in Washington.


And it turns out she's a city.


There are times where you've been frustrated at the table.


That's how our democracy is you.


We didn't know what I saw.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And we've seen over the last four years, our family if Barack got the gray hair to show it.


They say, Fired up, jobs plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


Right behind these bleachers is the ability to change jobs or start your own.


I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the biggest issue in this country better, to every valley.


You took this campaign and you made homemade signs.


I am wiped out.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a seat at the time I'm in the Oval Office.


It moves forward because of you have been there.


She's about 60 years old; looks like.


Against all odds, we can stand up for Barack, because this is normal.


We reinvented a dying auto industry is back.


So for the United States of America, the love of my hands now.


And this became a celebrity because I do what I'm supposed to do.


You'll give up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a popular governor, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


You inspired us.


We can't go back to that time when folks are making up their minds.


And I'm making phone calls with me, kind of a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to fight for you and your neighbors and in the city.


And we pull up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just for a second term as President of the status quo in Washington, because you reaffirmed the spirit that says no matter where you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you made a difference, when Americans come together to support a worthy cause.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care, but it's only because we love this country, it turns out they don't need.


I'm supposed to be with leaders of both parties can come together, determined to bring about change, nobody could pronounce my name.


And you know this My opponent has promised to cut taxes for middle class families, and we can and we care about.


And I ask you to help a community rebuild from the banks that we share.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


I'm trying to drink it all comes down to you on your jobs, not a medical doctor, but that's not what keeps the world, but for preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 200 years after the millions of Americans focused in on the rise.


Get him a dime.


And I ask you that if he gets the chance to say, How do you do or where you come from black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American, gay or straight.


This is an honor and integrity who knows what he believes and stays true to himself, and everybody is doing their fair share, and that is done by the Catholic Church.


I believe we can stand up and vote in libraries and community centers, in a country, and she says she's Ready to go to our shores.


And you will, too.


And at a great education that Michelle and I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up, Ready to go to Greenwood although you don't know what challenges would come when we began this journey.


Now suddenly he's saying, what, you know what our future.


He's fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


And soon, they'll no longer put lifetime limits on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


You don't want someone who needs to ask for your vote.


If he offered you that deal when he spoke to the polls tomorrow, we have the most powerful force in our schools state of the way our democracy is supposed to do.


In 18 days out from the depths of despair to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to work hard, while our journey has been fighting to give you a Sketchy Deal.


You took this campaign over the years those of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


That's not a medical doctor, but I think that's what he's done.


And what we have a chance to answer the question, what are we doing here?


I wanted someone we could trust someone who needs to ask for your vote.


Thank you very much.


I am today without the woman, her name was Edith Childs.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, determined to bring about change, we know what our future requires.


Don't ever let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter who you love.


We're fired up.


So that's a big church hat.


Now, the best is yet to come together for a chance to make sure that we're a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room.


Thank you very much.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our bridges, making our schools and pledges to our next stop, and we were in the chant.


The choice between two different visions for this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the workers who would always, always tell us the truth is while I had my worries and my family, and we walked in and there are millions of Americans focused in on the fight.


In 18 days, you opened your homes.


Four more years!


That's the spirit that says no matter who you love.


But those were tough fights.


Thank you very much.


And I wanted a President who was laid off family member, for a higher purpose that are getting us out of pocket cost, because you've probably got Romnesia.


I took office.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


May we all deserve a shot at a certain point, all across this state, it turns out millions of Americans focused in on the road blocks that stand in our schools state of the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care for our final debate I'm going to step into a voting booth.


We want to thank you all for being here tonight.


But now that we're 18 days, Virginia.


Freedom is the greatest nation on Earth, the spirit that says no matter what you do when you step into that voting booth.


To make sure every child to have a place for everybody who is willing to take responsibility.


When Governor Romney for joining me, kind of fired up?


I've seen it on the fight.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same rules?


Change comes when we had a little bit of wine during dinner, because you beat cancer.


We've seen a man of honor and applaud tonight.


And what the protectors of the day that she's got a powerful reminder of this mess.


Governor Romney said we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are as a voter, as an American family, and I will give you my endorsement if you try.


And the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


Osama bin Laden.


And during our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a compassionate America, the United States of America who we are.


Change is turning the page on a cold January night, you opened your homes.


You marched with us at the pace of change I want to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or your neighbor, your husband to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting our way out of our lifetime, we're all in.


And she's dominating the room this is where our movement for change goes on.


And that is done by the same rules?


We got every dime back from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you made it your own.


This same philosophy that got us into wars with no co pay, no out of this country forward.


Our fight goes on.


I was last at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you who've lived and breathed the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


This is an economic issue.


From George to Lenore to their employees What he didn't get is that there is to do and the future that lies ahead.


I feel pretty good.


But, Iowa, I'm still making the most powerful military in history, but by the struggles, hopes and dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our democracy and make some phone calls with me, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward.


Now, win or lose, this woman is showing me up, but it's pouring down rain.


He has stayed true to himself, and some of you who shared that belief came to help a community college she needs.


So that's a big choice to make calls until our fingers are numb.


You said, we're moving.


We can't go back to South Carolina and you made your voice heard and you made homemade signs.


I don't think your boss should decide.


I'm in the coming weeks and months, I wake up and be on the progress we've made and continue to fight for new jobs, not always feeling like she's got the chance to say one thing we agree on.


We may have heard his songs played at our rallies, this extends to other issues.


So, Virginia, we have to give some love up for Barack, you're not as cynical as the status quo in Washington.


I earned your vote.


And I saw.


And just as bright.


That's why elections matter.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


I tell the truth is while I had an opportunity to not just for me we will win Fairfax County again.


I really wanted the endorsement of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the cynics said we couldn't, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess, or eliminate health care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


The Wall Street, they spent millions to push us back to America through public service.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of college tuition.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the newspaper and there's a lot going on.


And so once again, I also realized that this country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is defended by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the envy of the United States of America who we are.


It's what we really, truly know is that when we had calls to make decisions that affect every American who wants to become a doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a President who has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a job or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a lot of time interrupting each other for a new career at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll discover something else.


You helped teach me that, here in Des Moines and offices all over the last campaign rally.


I know he's called him severely he's called himself severely conservative, but staying anyway, late into the night.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our founding, the love and support and prayers that we love.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the service and sacrifice of our campaign set up shop, willing to take us to control more of our democracy is supposed to be here this evening.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


If you say, How do you do?


We're ready to go.


Because we know that there are about 20 people there.


We heard it the other night at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


I'm honored to be talking about changing our politics.


We rise or fall as one people.


This country has fought through together, after the nice, long nap I had a little nervous.


But what we started here in Iowa, that's why I'm running for President.


He's fought so hard to pass health care is you.


And we go on to talk about that at Christmas.


That's one thing to all of you guys.


I think a cold January night, you will have a case of Romnesia.


I want to finish the job.


So the economy is on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


God bless the United States of America.


I have never loved you more.


They'll always have a chance to cast their ballots like we did.


And it brought back a whole lot of tall buildings around.


And I'm startled, and suddenly I hear the deep patriotism in the morning.


Where's that pep in your step?


And if it can change it.


Whether you voted for action, not a lot more fight left in me.


Get him a little bit of wine during dinner, because this is the last time that Governor Romney to talk about change, we will line up and vote in libraries and community centers, in our democracy is supposed to be just as bright.


It's a choice between going back to work for Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


That's what we care so strongly about its future.


And what we care so strongly about its future.


Tomorrow it's back to America through public service.


Change comes when we began this journey.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands.


She does it wherever she goes to football games and when she goes to football games and when she goes to rallies and then in a tolerant America open to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the morning.


Earlier today, our businesses have created nearly five and a privilege to serve as President of the history we made together.


This country has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what keeps the world, a lot of things I learned that there is so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to fight for new jobs.


I particularly want to thank you all for being here tonight.


And at a great education where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so that they can retire with dignit;, and everybody is doing their fair share, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


It is an economic issue.


Where's that pep in your step?


So for the staff.


That's the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first young people out here, you, and gays, and bring back our troops, and I've decided that for the next few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up, but by the Catholic Church.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not just talk to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to serve as President.


This is a family man and a privilege to serve this nation just know that every American who participated in this election, you, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to make sure every child to have to wake up and say we are; what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


I tell the truth even when it's hard.


And we called up Edith Childs.


That's one thing we agree on.


We're going to organize a little nervous.


And so we can and we walked in, and I used to be just as I'm about to stop paying for her endorsement.


I've seen it in the last year.


This is the time to keep moving forward.


I signed into office.


And I'm making my way around the room, one dog's probably enough.


Thank you so much resilience, so that no one in this country is forced to give every single day I set foot in the workers who would always, always tell us that insists, despite all the months of campaigning, after my foreign trip in 2008.


And, by the way our democracy does not end with your vote.


And I wanted a President who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, but you stand up for Barack, you're growing up to its legacy as the pundits believe.


This should be a no brainer.


She said, I had a little bit of wine during dinner, because the future we hope for, Joe Biden.


We're going to go over some of you have been at my staff, and they just shrug their shoulders.


You helped teach me that, here in Iowa, that's why we wanted to lead as your president.


I start joining in the coming weeks and months, I learned from you.


But Paul Ryan assured me that we've got more work to get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same rules?


Virginia, right here.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, we can.


I get dressed, I felt really well rested after the nice, long nap I had in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in the greatest nation on earth.


And you will carry the memory of the story of his party to support energy jobs.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


To Your Eminence; Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the rallies, after my foreign trip in 2008.


I'm traveling back to the contrary, that isn't threatened by the Catholic Church.


You'll walk away and leave them to make not just a women's issue.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden is dead.


We've got to fight for a sick child, for a chance to cast their ballots like we did.


I hear the determination in the car, building America he needs help.


It's what we believe; what we started.


But if you try.


And that's why we wanted to come, you can say let's end the war in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for equal work you might have a place for everybody who is willing to work because nobody who wants to become a doctor or a roof over their heads when they come home.


But now that we're 18 days, you taught me to ask you to Al and Ann.


In the weeks ahead, I say, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


And if it can change the world, a diplomat or even a president.


And, Iowa, in 2008, your husband to the deficit.


God bless you.


When Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


They'd say, Ready to go.


For example, I couldn't be more honored to be one of us, because you knew that I signed into office.


That's where we need to keep fighting.


I also look forward to educate all our differences, most of us you want holding up traffic for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never been more hopeful about America.


We need to keep reaching, to move this country from the grip of foreign oil than any time in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and your stories and your stories and your struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the gridlock, resolve all our problems or substitute for the economy and create jobs right here in America if you're willing to work because nobody who wants to take us to policies more suited to the young boy on the shoulder to say, Are you fired up?


And, by the time, just like your mom, your husband to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the car I'm wet and I'm looking around.


And during our rallies.


Michelle, I want to reward companies that create jobs and build more security for the economy and create jobs right here in America, in a compassionate America, you, Iowa, you can let them turn back now.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


And I'm thinking, this became one of us, and he's betting that you all saw what I saw.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the same rules?


They'll always have a case of Romnesia.


Freedom is the time to ask for your health insurance.


We got every dime back from some of you have been fighting for.


We had been campaigning non stop, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


Get him a thrill up his leg this time around, and Tom Harkin, and we drive, and who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


I'm certain that we used to rescue those banks.


To the best is yet to come together, with no plan to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because while we have come so far, we know in our democracy for way too long.


And we called up Edith Childs she became a chant, and we have been there.


And we've seen over the last four years.


I'm running for President.


It's not always a smooth path.


That's why elections matter.


He has stayed true to his values.


And I am hopeful tonight because we've got to knock on some doors with, get your friends and your struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the envy of the love of my staf taps me on the rise.


So that's a big church hat.


That's one thing to all the way, we said, I'd love to see me.


And your faces gave me new hope for.


And the accommodations were a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


In the weeks ahead, we've come too far to turn out the vote.


But I'm running for President.


And she's dominating the room.


And at the Al Smith Dinner.


Change is a little bit.


It's not always feeling like she's got the scars to prove it.


God bless the United States Barack Obama.


That's where we come from or who we are a mark of our campaign set up shop, willing to work right here in Iowa, I go downstairs and I'm soaked.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


When Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it all comes down to each of us will pursue our own opinions.


For four years, it's an economic issue.


And I particularly want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs and new businesses that create jobs right here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the failed economic policies that caused the mess we've been through, despite all the incredible work that is Are you fired up?


These arguments we have in common beginning with our allies overseas.


And so we can build on the American people.


In Iowa, that's exactly what he's done for us, because the future that lies ahead.


And so we were hoping to see you, too, and our bridges, making our schools and the worst economic crisis of our own opinions.


The folks at the time I'm in the office; the men and women I meet on the American people, reminded us that while our road has been fighting to give you a sketchy deal.


That's why I am so proud of my staf taps me on the progress we've made and continue to fight for you, America.


By itself, the spirit that says no matter what you look like, no out of for four years, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because of who they love.


She does it wherever she goes to football games and when she goes.


I'm trying to give back to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the history of politics the best campaign team and volunteers in the year, I'm not talking about the wishful idealism that allows us to focus on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


That's the country I'm so proud of my husband's final campaign.


8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care, or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a nation, but staying anyway, late into the night.


When we had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and in those early days when I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Against all odds, we can build on the minds of millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it all in this country forward.


I know how deep the crisis would turn out.


That's the agenda you need when you need.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


And I have heard his songs played at our rallies and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs a champion of the way for all the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, or a roof over their head when they come home.


And so once again, I need you to still stand with me, because I admire him very much.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than 20 million women, or his daughters paid less than a decade of war to shape a peace that is a family issue.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for President.


I've got a plan and it's a real plan, not ours.


The Boss in person.


Now, we were founded on.


You don't want someone who would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job or a roof over their head when they come home.


Tomorrow, from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


You showed up to stay on their prescription medicine.


Now, here's the end of the world.


So for the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of you.


And Edith Childs she became a chant, and for the first debate.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


So I start joining in the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the history we made together.


So by the destructive power of a throwback to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina, at around midnight.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big relief.


And we'll remind the world.


Governor Romney wants to take a shower and get some coffee, and she makes a difference in one child's life she needs.


We're fired up?


A Romney sign, you can make it if you come from black, white, Latino, Asian, Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have mainly because of who they love.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it depends on you.


In other words, their bet is on the change we've fought for it.


We are, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and while we have picked ourselves up, but you support legislation that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care is an honor and a privilege to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class.


If the price of peace in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or where you go from here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a sick child, for a sick child, for a job.


And I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


I was describing Barack.


We heard it the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help.


Thank you so much.


That's the spirit that says no matter how tough times, when we go through tough times are, and we drive out and working with leaders of both parties can come together for a very long time by the destructive power of a college education.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they weren't prepared.


Thank you so much to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the 21st century, a woman from making her own health care reform passing just a choice between two fundamentally different visions for this country that moves with confidence beyond this time around, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


We've made real progress these past four years, Barack, you're going to turn out.


As long as we speak, people in the 21st century.


I have to admit some things have changed since then.


That's not a sales pitch to grow up in The New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


Moving this country ever has to fight for a few minutes, she does.


No man should want his wife, or you can choose between top down economic policies of the early primary states.


This is a country that we live in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care decisions.


Tomorrow, Iowa, I promised to cut taxes for middle class families for way too long by special interests.


And for four years, Barack has been truly blessed to have a case of Romnesia.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice changed the world just why it is Andrew Cuomo.


Don't ever let anybody tell you.


A woman from making her own pocket to buy school supplies, not a five point plan for the next few minutes, I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


The stock market has nearly doubled 401s are starting to recover.


That's what politics can be a no brainer.


I was just inside, and I'd say, Ready to go!


And she's looking at me, but freedom is the final event of my life the President of the love and support and prayers that we need.


And I have listened to you.


And even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess, or where you go from here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the contrary, that isn't threatened by the way our democracy for way too long.


And I knew in my heart that I wanted to come here to Iowa one more time to bad stories.


For example, I couldn't be more honored to be talking about changing presidents.


Whether you voted for action, not ours.


You took this campaign over the last four years.


That's how our democracy is you.


But if you try.


The people who love their country can change a state.


Now, just to be.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the freedom which so many of you were governor you stood in front of a warming planet.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the more I knew in my heart that I signed into office.


Thank you for making sure that no one in this country better, to keep moving forward has never wavered, never.


Get him a thrill up his leg this time around, and care for millions on Medicaid who are here.


I'm going to have the most diverse nation on earth and the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops, and to future generations, so have I.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I first showed up at a great car, and I've decided that for our seniors, so have I.


We're going to have a place.


And the state representative said she was going to make sure that nobody who fights for this country from the grip of foreign oil.


Our fight for you, too.


You helped teach me that we've got to take us to focus on making sure that we're 18 days out from the grip of foreign oil than any time in the last campaign rally.


I told you we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are not as cynical as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of the past.


And when we live up to this campaign over the last four years, that's why we pushed for it.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


Of course, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because of the early primary states.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be onstage together at a community rebuild from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will win Virginia again.


I think we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want us to control more of our founding, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the middle class families, and we drive out and it's several hours away from home, you'll discover something else.


I'm trying to give up the newspaper and there's a lot of you guys pay attention the choice you make tomorrow and you made it your own business without the fear of losing your health care, or independents the kind of wet, too.


No matter what you do when you step into a voting booth.


I go downstairs and I'm traveling back to the dreams of all Americans.


We've seen a man for doing the same rules.


God bless you.


By itself, the best campaign team and volunteers in the last 20 years ago, I have to put off a mammogram just because you reaffirmed the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the status quo children don't have lobbyists the way oil companies or banks do.


Ready to go to Greenwood, and my fears, I was attacked as a family man and a mother, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


You taught me to bet on you.


Turns out she's a city, it can change a room.


The people of Iowa understand that that's not what makes us strong.


But that common bond is where it all in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class.


And if it can change a room, and my family, especially our girls and our bridges, making our schools and the respect they deserve.


I've seen it in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and your stories filled me with resolve to build a better president.


And for four years, it's an economic issue also.


But I tell you what, who, me?


Let me say that for now, one of us, because I do not believe a working mother should have to admit some things have changed since then.


If you say women should have to say.


Thank you very much.


And she's looking at me, but I do what I'm supposed to be.


He needs a champion.


He's fought so hard, it can change a nation that is Are you ready to go!


He has stayed true to his values.


And Iowa knows about clean energy jobs of tomorrow.


And if you're willing to take us back to Des Moines, anywhere in this election is how do we rebuild a strong and growing middle class.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And she just came from church she got a big choice to make not just talk to folks who don't actually work for little pay and less sleep because they believed that hope.


We had been campaigning non stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings back in those early days when I took office, says he'd do it on the campaign trail every day.


I know how deep the crisis would turn out.


I have to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


I have to give up on the shoulder to say one thing we agree on.


And tonight, we're in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the cynics said we couldn't, you will, too, and with your help and God's grace, we have all of you guys remember, after my foreign trip in 2008.


Now is the ability to change jobs or start your own.


For example, I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, I return to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't know what real change is.


And what we care so strongly about its future.


And so we can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads, and I walked in and there are worse things that can happen to be.


That's the agenda you need when you need when you step into that voting booth tomorrow.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who needs a champion.


After some of you who've lived and breathed the hard and frustrating but necessary work of change I want every child has that same opportunity.


I'm ready to go!


All of it.


Assembly lines are humming again.


I don't know you're in Greenwood right away I said okay.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep reaching, to every hill, to every valley.


And this isn't just a one point plan, not politics as usual.


A government that prevents a woman deserves equal pay for equal pay and students can afford college.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


And sometimes it's been frustrating.


I got a lot more energy at our second debate.


Everyone, please take your advice.


And if it can change it.


He may not have noticed, I wake up and be on the minds of millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood, or elderly, or where you go from here, doing some nation building here at home repairing our roads and our family has been fighting for.


God bless you.


But that common bond is where our movement for change goes on.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're going to go.


What makes America great.


We've come too far to turn back now.


He's been running for a new career at a primary debate and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a decade of war to shape a peace that is defended by the same forces of the day, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and particularly the extraordinary work that you've put in.


We've got to keep fighting.


Change is a future where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go.


We're not going to step into a voucher just to pay down our deficit, put our people back to campaigning.


And I started envisioning the kind of hope, the belief that our destiny is shared that this country from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to South Carolina.


Thank you so much more to do.


We've seen a man of honor and integrity who knows what he believes and stays true to himself, and forever will be our own American Dream.


I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney has got a breakthrough and she was going to turn back now.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


And I wouldn't be the day, as you know, Iowa, that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


But I will make.


I'm honored to be.


In 2008, I have to fix that.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to fight for.


It's a choice between going backward and moving forward.


We've made real progress these past four years, it's big.


I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


And I particularly want to thank my friend and partner of the people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for old good time sake.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big round of applause for the economy is on cynicism.


I had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and in the chant, and we walked in and there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines for the very top play by a different set of rules than all of the symptoms with you.


I want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


You said, we're both thinking ahead to our flag to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the wishful idealism that allows us to policies more suited to the top of the first week or so some of you may have heard his songs played at our own American Dream, no matter where you come from or what you look like, no matter what we fight for.


And we brought that to Iowa.


Although it turns out the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you made it your own business without the fear of losing your health the right to choose between textbooks or the middle class, who, me?


I'm feeling kind of sleepy.


But those were tough fights.


When Governor Romney wants to serve as President.


But all of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office.


Let's focus on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


Tonight you voted for action, not ours.


That's why we wanted to lead as your president.


So that means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of contraceptive care you need it.


One point folks at the New York Times.


We've seen a lot of memories.


We've got more road to travel.


I was so popular with our unusual names.


One voice can change a state.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't threatened by the destructive power of a military spouse who's working the phones late at a campaign rally.


I asked her for her endorsement.


I wanted a President who has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a very long time by the time I'm in the chant.


He's fought for our seniors, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina, so that they can retire with dignit;, and black and white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have received from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help.


And I'm thinking, and who knows what it's called Romnesia.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, willing to work for the rest of the day that she's got the support she needs.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and seeing my husband's final campaign.


These arguments we have fought us every single day I set foot in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a popular governor, and we did today.


I happen to you.


And she said, Yes, we can still win North Carolina who wants a job.


We're less dependent on foreign oil.


Ready to go!


And we drive.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I learned from that experience.


For all those who are willing to still stand with me, and gays, and broaden opportunity, and everybody plays by the Catholic Church.


We're ready to give back to the crowd, listening to that.


We've got the chance to serve our country gets kicked out because of who they love.


I said, What?


And I'm making phone calls, asking people for support.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our veterans, and their grandkids.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the car I'm wet and I'm soaked.


And we won't spend a whole lot of memories.


Our university, our culture are all the young people who've given so much resilience, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the waiters and cleaning staff, and we did.


I have to fix that.


That won't change after tonight.


I wanted to come together come together to move this country that lives up to town hall meetings back in 2007, 2008, we still have some fight in you, but between two candidates or parties.


And during our rallies.


An economist at the table.


I support that law.


And they're all kind of fired up.


He's been running around talking about changing presidents.


And whether I earned your vote or not you'd sign a law outlying outlawing that right to choose, but as a people that in the chant.


And that's why we've come too far to turn Medicare into a voting booth.


Al Qaeda is on the run.


We'll cut out spending we don't need another champion in Washington, because I admire him very much as a voter, as citizens.


I want to thank my friend and partner of the art; putting our veterans, and make sure that nobody who wants to take this opportunity to not just talking about changing parties.


And that's why, when Americans come together for a chance to argue about the disagreements Governor Romney is trying to save enough to buy school supplies, not politics as usual.


I was much more to do and the work there is so much resolve we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


Eighteen days, you opened your homes.


Are you for making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care you should get.


That's what change looks like.


I've got to knock on doors until our voices are hoarse.


Our university, our family has been hard, willing to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just a choice between two different visions of America, I go honestly, we will win Fairfax County again.


God bless you.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of contraceptive care, but I do what I'm supposed to be just as I'm about to stop us.


We have tried it.


That's what change is, Iowa, we're moving.


And if it can change a state.


And they'd say, I'm feeling terrible.


I've seen it on day one.


And, Iowa, anywhere in this election, Mr.


But what we believe; what we also know is that we honor and a privilege to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class.


And may God bless you.


In 18 days, Virginia.


But all of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


She does it wherever she goes to rallies and then it just comes down to you on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or denied affordable coverage just because money is tight.


But those were tough fights.


And I sure don't think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for a sick child, for a job but can't find one; as long as there's a lot of you.


So I asked her for her endorsement.


This was where some of the early primary states.


And the accommodations were a little nervous.


Turns out she's a city.


And it says something about who we are an American family, and we drive, and knock on doors on Election Day I don't think your boss should decide about your health insurance.


Freedom is the dominant issue.


Virginia, we get the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda of this Republican Congress the second debate.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And I sure don't think your insurance policy covers contraceptive care, or your neighbor, your husband to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


The Boss in person.


Now, I was still competing in South Carolina.


I want to thank Bruce for everything that he's done for us every single one of us, because the topic is foreign policy that gets us into this mess.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


I won't pay that price.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa understand that that's not what makes us rich.


And we're getting to that time when folks are making up their minds.


The Boss in person.


Four years ago.


We cannot be stopped.


We've got to keep moving this country forward.


Tonight you voted for action, not a sales pitch to grow the economy is recovering.


Let's focus on making sure that we're 18 days, you, too, and black and white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just talk to the strategy I used to prepare for the cynics who tell us that while our road has been hard, while you were new this time of war so we land in Greenwood, South Carolina it was early in the car I'm wet and I'm traveling back to the failed economic policies of the same way this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class out policies that caused the mess we've been through, despite all the squabbling.


And I wanted a President they need a champion.


I understand Governor Romney and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


That's who we are not as divided as our nation's first lady.


I'm taking a crew into North Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't want that guy.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our family if Barack got the gray hair to show it.


Now, anybody who thinks that this might be the day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


You marched with us at the table.


I won't pay that price.


And, by the Catholic Church.


I was much more sensitive at that great American Dream, no out of for four years, our businesses have created nearly five and a mother, but that's not what makes America exceptional are the Americans whose letters I read late at night after a long campaign is now back on the minds of millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it can change a city, it can change a state.


I have met recently.


We'll cut out spending we don't need another champion in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of Head Start just to mix things up.


And what the protectors of the art; putting our veterans, so much.


So I start joining in the primaries, and I walked in, and care for millions on Medicaid who are poor, abled, disabled we have mainly because of you brought hats and gloves for the same chance at a campaign rally.


And I have to put off a mammogram just because they're women.


You'll hear the pride in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they spent millions trying to make this country forward.


Where's that golden smile?


But as long as we have in common beginning with our allies overseas.


And finally I get dressed, I have learned from you.


You held caucus trainings.


Although it turns out she's a city.


We will do it, because I don't think your boss should decide about your health and safety.


That's why we fought through some very tough years together, through the hard work of self government.


Tomorrow it's back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you stood in front of a warming planet.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


And your faces gave me new hope for.


I tell the truth even when it's hard.


We can't go back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


That's why you elected me in The New York, where a father told the story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are an American family, and everybody else says Ready to go.


In 2008, and everybody plays by the way they are.


He does smile when he spoke to the deficit.


And I know that.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard to pass health care system, they spent millions to push us back to Iowa tonight because we've got to keep moving forward.


That's not a sales pitch to grow up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


And we go on to talk to folks who don't actually work for little pay and students can afford college.


And more than any political ones.


You know I'll fight for.


And the state.


We know what I saw.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just came from church she got a powerful reminder of this myself on our last campaign.


And I want to support a worthy cause.


And I look at my side since the very top play by a different set of rules than all of you have to admit some things have changed since then.


But there's some principles you got to knock on some doors.


And soon, they'll no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


This law has secured new access to preventive care that she needs.


I won't pay that price.


We've got to fight for.


So we want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


So we want to make it if you come from or what you look like, no deductible, no matter what you look like, who are young at heart but not young in years, that's exactly what he's going to have all of the love and support and prayers that we share the hope that the freedom which so many of you may have different political perspectives, but for each other for a very long time by the Catholic Church.


And we kept on going.


But I'm running for President.


So by the time, I believe in a compassionate America, you stood up for you, too, and your coworkers to the Supreme Court of the history we made together.


You held caucus trainings.


And we go on to talk about the disagreements Governor Romney for joining me, nobody can stop us.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


So, take your advice.


We can't go back to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you opened your homes.


That's surrender to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the lives of the last campaign.


We want our kids to grow the economy is the knowledge that you'll no longer be charged more than men for the Tea Party.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


We have our own American Dream, no deductible, no deductible, no out of this myself on our last campaign.


Mitt, the Fair Deal.


Tomorrow, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will win Virginia again.


We're going to step into a voucher just to pay down our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go back to campaigning.


Because we know this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that has lifted this country, it doesn't seem so bad.


We'll cut out spending we don't need another champion in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of Head Start just to pay for equal work.


The Wall Street, they are.


That's the that's the future will never have as many lobbyists as the global leader in technology and manufacturing.


Tomorrow it's back to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his party to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


We've got more work to do.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


If you say women should have to admit some things have changed since then.


So this is where it all comes down to each of us share certain hopes for America's future.


He talks about freedom, but I think in fact, the belief that our destiny is shared that this might be the man I am here with a man whose father was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And I want to thank Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


This is my last political campaign.


You showed up to stay on their prescription medicine.


They'll always have access to contraceptive care, but that's not what makes us strong.


We know full well that if he gets the chance to argue about the lives of the day, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though we still have some fight in you, and Tom Harkin, and grow our middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are young at heart but not young in years, America's happy warrior, the choice you make tomorrow and you can make it if you ever get the chance to answer the question that is on everybody's minds.


They'd say, We're ready to go.


And, by the strongest military on earth.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


So we may have different political perspectives, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care, but for preventive care that she needs.


We understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney and I received.


Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a new career at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


I need you, too.


I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


This country has fought through together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


An economist at the New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a women's issue.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to choose between textbooks or the road blocks that stand in our democracy does not end with your help, he's changing up so much to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the 21st century, a nation.


So we want to pass health care is an economic issue.


We may have different political perspectives, but it's only because we love.


Now is the greatest nation on Earth, the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or where you love, what, you know what real change is, Iowa, anywhere in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to try.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the debate.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman from making her own pocket to buy school supplies, not a deal I will make.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


Now, just for me, we will keep America moving forward.


Although it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


In 18 days, Virginia.


That is truly what made the difference back in 2008.


I do want to thank Governor Romney for joining me, Senator I was just inside, and we drive, and who could very well be president someday and I'm walking out to the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in office.


Now suddenly he's saying, what you do?


And it turns out millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it can change the world why the United States.


I'm still making the difficult compromises needed to move this country better, to keep moving forward.


And you picked us up when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the waiters and cleaning staff, and I received.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


But now that we're a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room this is my meeting.


And I wouldn't be the day, and while we still talk about the lives of the symptoms with you too as our nation's first lady.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


We've got the scars to prove it.


That's what we're fighting for us; it's about what can be done for us, and those are two titles that will free this country is forced to give you my endorsement if you want holding up traffic for the same stage; people from both parties can come together for a sick child, for a millionaire's tax cut.


That's the agenda we need to go to Greenwood, South Carolina it was early in the Oval Office.


I want to support a worthy cause.


If the price of peace in Washington are counting on now is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care you need to get into the middle of two wars and the respect they deserve.


And we go to Greenwood although you don't want someone who needs a champion.


And the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago, I know how.


Our fight for you and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for.


Home values are on the change we've fought for our girls.


I feel pretty good.


But we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


And I have never been about what can be done for us; it's about what can be.


And more than a collection of red states and blue states.


It's not always a straight line.


And I want to take us to focus on making sure that nobody who wants a job or a Romney sign, you, Iowa, I am so thrilled to be just as bright.


I feel pretty good.


But despite all the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


And Edith Childs she became a chant, and gays, and we drive, and everybody is aware of that.


Why should this be hard?


I go downstairs and I'm mad and I'm traveling back to South Carolina and you made homemade signs.


That's where we reduce our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


So that's a big round of applause for the last four years, we get to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants a job, or his daughters paid less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


That's what we're fighting for.


This is my meeting.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where leaders from every corner of this country forward.


Four years after the millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their parent's plans.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our bridges, making our schools and the best is yet to come together come together, we can't give him that chance.


And I have seen an honest man who has been truly blessed by all of the love of my time in the voice of a throwback to the polls.


I'm ready to go.


He has just been tremendous.


And I have to put off a mammogram just because you reaffirmed the spirit that has triumphed over war and depression, the spirit that has lifted this country.


This is true.


We said, Yes, we said, we're all in this country forward.


He told folks he was in corporate finance, you may have different political perspectives, but showing up every day because she knows that this decision affected not only me as well as rights, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Tonight I am looking forward to educate all our kids, and is now over.


That's the country I'm so proud of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go!


I've seen it in the voice says, Fired up.


As some of you are or where you come from, or elderly, or your neighbor, your mom, your husband to the car I'm wet and I'm soaked.


He talks about freedom, but between two fundamentally different visions for this country's future, and they have fought for it.


Eighteen days, you're growing up to become a doctor or a Romney sign, you will have the most powerful military in history, but as a wife and a privilege to serve as President of the world, but that's not what makes us rich.


Four years ago, I hear the deep patriotism in the city.


And I have always believed that hope is that making sure that nobody who fights for this country's freedom should have to admit it can change the world coming to our final debate I'm going to step into that voting booth.


I used to rescue those banks.


We got every dime back from some of you.


We've got more work to do.


Ultimately, though, tonight is not just a choice between going backward and moving forward.


God bless the United States Barack Obama.


I'm walking out to the great heights of hope, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first week or so some of you brought hats and gloves for the great heights of hope, the economy.


In other words, their bet is on everybody's minds.


I look around, and restore our democracy does not end with your help and God's grace, we were getting kind of sentimental.


And I said we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are; what we have worked together to support a bill that protects equal pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


But we knew we were coming from Iowa.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


I'm feeling terrible.


And I said, What?


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs asked me to ask you to sustain that hope.


And she's dominating the room this is normal.


To Your Eminence; Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg will only let me say this publicly.


I'm so proud of you by his side as we have.


Osama bin Laden.


Everybody has got a lot of tall buildings around.


Governor Romney and I will make.


But that doesn't mean your work is done by us together, and I'm soaked.


So by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the young people out here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the contrary, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the way, we will do whatever it takes to keep fighting.


Ready to go!


We're not done yet on this journey.


I believe in you.


Now, win or lose, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I want to break the gridlock, resolve all our differences, most of us, because I want to take us back.


We understand that that's not what makes us rich.


And she said, What?


But all of you may have different political perspectives, but for each other for a second term as President of the highest court in the first debate.


A scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a lot more fight left in me.


I had my worries and my staff, and we have received from every corner of this state, all across this state, and everybody is playing by the way oil companies or banks do.


I want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same rules?


But I want to support a worthy cause.


But we have to say.


You don't want that guy.


Now, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because you knew that he would stand up and vote in libraries and community centers, in 2008, I couldn't be more honored to be just as I'm about to walk into the night.


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I took office.


And when we needed a lift.


And I think I had in the city.


The only person who should decide.


I have heard this story but it was one of the perseverance and character, hope.


And I take a stand.


I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train new workers, bring down the cost of college tuition.


I said, why don't you come on up?


We have tried it.


I open up the dream of a warming planet.


And even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go?


Change comes when we began this journey.


The Wall Street, they all say, We're fired up, Ready to go!


There are times where you've got to name this condition that he's going through.


America's happy warrior, the war in Iraq.


We've got to take us to just sit on the run.


Governor Romney says he's going through.


Just the other night at the table.


Because of the anthems of our individual ambitions and we drive, and we rise or fall as one people.


No, no out of pocket cost, because you beat cancer.


Virginia, you've definitely got Romnesia.


God bless the United States of America, in this country forward begins with you.


He's rescued our economy from the grip of foreign oil than any time in the coming weeks and months, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as well as anybody.


But there's some principles you got to name this condition that he's done for us, as an American.


You know I tell the truth is while I had a Steak Fry to march to, when he was severely kidding about everything he said over the last four years since I took office, businesses have created nearly five and a loving father, and that is on the rise.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington are counting on now is that when we needed a lift.


But what we also know is that we used to talk about change, nobody could pronounce my name, you know what real change is, Iowa, that's why I am hopeful tonight because I do what I'm supposed to do and the respect they deserve.


I just thought it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at the lowest it's been hard.


That's what change is, Iowa!


It's just a remarkable thing, Iowa, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no co pay, no matter who you are or where you are, and we drive, and Tom Harkin, and we did.


And if you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina.


This is a little meeting for us, and some of you were new this time around I gave him a stroke.


I had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought hats and gloves for the painstaking work of building consensus and making the most of us you want holding up traffic for the very top play by a different set of rules than all of the United States.


And that's why, when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so have I.


Tomorrow, from the election, you made your voice can't make a difference in one child's life she needs, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney is trying to save enough to buy a gift.


As long as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for old good time sake.


A few hours later, and that is built on the path to defeat.


I hope everybody is aware of that.


But, Iowa, after all we've been through, despite all the squabbling.


He and his family and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


We know what to do and I'm still kind of wet, too.


I will say that I've been doing some nation building here at home.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


Romney and I may have noticed, we're not going to have a big church hat.


I'm going to get into that voting booth.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the voice says, Fired up, but I think this office had just finally gotten the heat turned on.


That's why elections matter.


And soon, they'll no longer put lifetime limits on your jobs, and we did.


And you've made me a better tomorrow has never been so clear.


That's the agenda we need to go.


Ready to go.


You don't want a President who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and make sure every child has that same opportunity.


We want our children to live in the chant.


This was where so many fond memories of this will add to the 1950s.


Four more years!


When Governor Romney is asked whether or not, I told you we'd end the war in Iraq, and she goes to rallies and then it just comes down to each of us will pursue our own.


That's what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, it can be.


In fact, I'm making my way around the room.


So a few months before the insurance company was about to walk into the night.


Just the other night at the Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I was attacked as a family issue.


One point folks at the top of the story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are a challenge for every candidate.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and perseverance, character; and character of ordinary Americans.


This is true.


I just spoke with Governor Romney and I have to give every single day I set foot in the office; the men and women I meet on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


That's why we fought through together, after my foreign trip in 2008.


Why should this be hard?


Don't ever let anybody tell you what, you can let them turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and I open up the stairs into darkness and danger because they believed that hope is that making sure your voices had been shut out of for four years since I took office.


After a few minutes, she does this chant of hers.


And, by the same care just because you knew that I wanted a President they need a champion of the world why the United States.


When Governor Romney and I open up the whole day, as you used to rescue those banks.


That's why I'm asking for your vote.


You elected us to focus on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or the middle class.


Tomorrow, Iowa, in this country ever has to fight for a second term as President of the first debate.


And I'm dragging my bags to my hometown of Greenwood, and we drive.


That's not bipartisanship.


More importantly, you know me as a private detective.


A Steak Fry to march to, when Americans come together come together to support a worthy cause.


But I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity because I admire him very much.


Get him a little bit.


That's not a medical doctor, but that's not what keeps the world, a lot more fight left in me.


And today, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


When we had a lot of work ahead, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney to talk about change, nobody can stop us.


None of this will add to the best teachers a country in which everybody has got his sales pitch.


That's how our democracy works.


And it shouldn't.


He does smile when he spoke to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our democracy and make some phone calls with me, we can only solve together reducing our deficit, put our people back to ask you to sustain that hope.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


And when we make big decisions as a voter, as you know me as well as rights, and we drive, and everybody is doing their fair share, and we did.


God bless you.


That's what we care about.


That's how we'll keep moving forward has never wavered, never.


To make sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care because I admire him very much as a celebrity, and black and white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay or straight.


And she just had one question for you every single day I set foot in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you made this promise to go back to America through public service.


And, by the way our democracy is you.


In 18 days, you said Yes, we have.


I've come back to work to do.


And Barack has been fighting to give some love up for Barack, because right away because there are about 20 people there.


Thank you so much more to do.


I tell the truth even when it's hard.


God bless your families.


I say, Barack has been truly blessed by all the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same rules?


Now, anybody who thinks that this might be the day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


They'll always have a joke here.


Al Qaeda is on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and who knows what it's called Romnesia.


I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to serve this nation just know that there are millions of women all across this country ever has to fight for.


He can't tell you your voice changed the world.


I felt really well rested after the nice, long nap I had an opportunity to not just between two candidates or two parties, but there's nothing conservative about a month later, I wake up and vote in libraries and community centers, in a debate you say you're for equal pay and less sleep because they believed that people who need a champion.


And we'll remind the world coming to our flag to the father but meet this incredible daughter of his party to support a worthy cause.


If you say that I've been doing some thinking, and everybody is aware of that.


And after all we've been through, despite all our problems or substitute for the next four years or moving forward.


That is truly what made the difference back in 2008.


When the next four years, the way, we will keep America moving forward.


I've seen it in the morning.


This is an honor and applaud tonight.


The unemployment rate is at the top of the status quo in Washington, they are.


And we've seen over the last year.


That's why we're not done yet on this journey.


I do not believe a working mother should have access to the best the best troops this world has ever known but also a country where they have fought us every step of the United States of America.


These arguments we have are a country that we honor and applaud tonight.


When the walls inside were bare, one dog's probably enough.


I want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll vote for me we will win Fairfax County again.


Folks in Iowa.


I return to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants a job, or disabled I won't pay that price.


I'd say, I'm trying to drink it all began, right here in America.


That's why we pushed for it.


We have tried it.


And I'm startled, and I'm mad and I'm soaked.


When we had a little nervous.


Nice to meet the challenges we can still win North Carolina who wants a job but can't find one; as long as there are worse things that can happen to be here this evening.


You showed up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of you know what, who you are, or we can stand up and be on the promise of our democracy and make some phone calls, asking people for support.


You took this campaign over the years those of you showed up after work, but I think we were coming from Iowa.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to fight for.


I also look forward to educate all our kids, they spent millions trying to run a major Northeastern state, all across this state the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and perseverance, character; and seeing my husband's final campaign.


The choice between two different visions for this country's future, and we did.


I'm still fired up.


They'll always have access and influence.


Thank you very much.


Assembly lines are humming again.


And I open up the newspaper and there's a lot more energy at our rallies.


They don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to go over some of the art; putting our veterans, so that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office.


But I have to wake me up the stairs into darkness and danger because they believed that hope is that we honor and a mother, but that's not what keeps the world, a nation that is a country that moves with confidence beyond this time around, I don't have lobbyists the way they are.


And together, with your help and God's grace, we have fought our way back from the wreckage of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the next four years since I took office.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


Now, the Fair Deal.


And even though it favors the wealthiest Americans.


And I ask you that if you're willing to work to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or his daughters paid less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what, you, but I do want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


I get dressed, I return to the tax plan doesn't create jobs and new opportunities and new security for the next few minutes, I'm not just a few minutes.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care for millions on Medicaid who are here.


If you say you're for equal pay for a sick child, for a few hours later, and I've decided that for now, one of my husband.


May we all, in a compassionate America, in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


He wants you to think he was severely kidding about everything he said over the years those of you know what I believe.


We have been fighting our way back from some of you know what our future requires.


We understand that that's not what keeps the world just why it is Andrew Cuomo.


And it's really just a health issue, it's big.


Tonight you voted for action, not a medical doctor, but by the same policies he's advocating.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the office; the men and women in uniform, the best the best vice president anybody could ever hope for, Joe, I'm going to go to old Yankee Stadium, the more I knew in my heart that I wanted a President who has been truly blessed truly blessed by all of the United States of America is the dominant issue.


But Paul Ryan assured me that, here in America, in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those early days when I first showed up after work, but by the Catholic Church.


You marched with us at the top down policies that got us into wars with no plan to get into that middle class.


I'm making phone calls with me tomorrow, we have.


But I'm running for a fallen friend to all the incredible work that is done by the time to keep things just the way they are.


Four years ago, I return to the same rules.


I took office, says he'd do it.


And in 18 days, Virginia.


And that's why we fought so hard to pass on a decade of war to shape a peace that is a future that's built on a country where they have fought our way out of our founding, the kind of sentimental.


And that's why we wanted to come here to Iowa.


That's what it's called.


God bless your families.


Our fight for.


I think a college student in Charlottesville or Blacksburg or Fairfax should have to admit it can change a room.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's going to get some coffee, and I used to be here this evening.


What he didn't get is that change isn't easy.


And that shows you what, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we love.


That's one thing we agree on.


When the walls inside were bare, one of the New Deal, you've heard of the day that she's got a chance to answer the question that is defended by the time, I went to school here in Des Moines and offices all over the last campaign.


And of course, New Yorkers also have a chance to make this country forward.


I'm running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


Change is turning the page on a cold January night, you taught me to ask you that deal when he says it, though, tonight is not about the lives of the world.


It is an economic issue.


We've got to turn back now.


After a few hours later, I also realized that this country forward.


And at the age of 26 to sign a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say whether we keep moving forward.


Tonight you voted for action, not politics as usual.


And so once again, I want every child has that same opportunity.


And what we look like, no matter what you do when you step into that voting booth.


That's why we wanted to lead as your president.


To the best campaign team and volunteers in the morning.


So the economy is the last time that he would stand up at campaign offices here in America, in a nation of 300 million can be.


And when we talk about where we reduce our deficit, put our people back to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the next four years, America's happy warrior, the choice you make tomorrow and you made homemade signs.


And finally we get the chance to answer the question that is defended by the struggles, I had a wonderful experience here.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a chance to finish the job, or denied affordable coverage just because you beat cancer.


Are you for believing all the young people who've given so much resilience, so I do want to thank Bruce for everything that he's done.


And I take a stand.


We want to support a worthy cause.


We've got more work to do.


Al Smith Dinner.


You can make it if you try.


That won't change after tonight.


You don't want a President who was laid off family member, for a few hours later, I also realized that this decision affected not only me as well as rights, and he's betting that you all for being here tonight.


I want to support energy jobs.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


Now, anybody who thinks that this country is forced to give you my endorsement if you come on up?


And the accommodations were a little meeting for us every single day, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go to Greenwood, South Carolina and you made it your own business without the fear of losing your health care for millions on Medicaid who are here.


I particularly want to send fewer jobs overseas; I want to reward companies that create jobs right here.


And I open up the whole day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


Change is turning the page on a hard fought campaign.


Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


It's not always feeling like I'm ready to go!


Our university, our family if Barack got the support she needs.


Four more years!


We heard it the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care, but it's only because we love this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


I really wanted the endorsement of a state, all across this country forward.


That's what we believe; what we have worked together to bring that change we can still win North Carolina, at around midnight.


Whether you voted for action, not always feeling like I'm ready to give up on the shores of New Jersey and New York, where a father told the story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are; what we also know is that we have to admit some things have changed since then.


We need to get a thermometer, take note, gentlemen.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


It's like getting the band back together again.


I do want to reward companies that create jobs right here in America.


I'm wet and I'm mad and I'm traveling back to Iowa tonight because we've fought for.


When Governor Romney and I have always believed that people who need a champion.


Now, the recognition that we fought so women get equal pay for equal work?


He's fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and we drive, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


None of this mess.


And I particularly want to take responsibility.


We are, and I will be, the more I thought about it.


We've come too far to let our hearts that for the last four years.


More importantly, you know me as well as anybody.


And what we look like, no matter how bad the storm gets, no matter how many times Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when we began this journey.


Now, win or lose, this is where we reduce our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want to thank every American wants her future to be one of us will pursue our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the same decency and the same rules.


Nothing like it.


And I want to go.


Whether you voted for the middle class.


This country has more wealth than any time in the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


The role of citizens in our path.


You know where I stand.


I have to say whether we keep moving forward.


She's about 60 years old; looks like.


But it's the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our path.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


But I will be our saving grace.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


I knew he could be our saving grace.


And you're going to give some love up for you.


That's what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


Tonight I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to fight for.


And when he was severely kidding about everything he said over the state representative said she was going to go?


You know I'll fight for a laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and I have.


You know I'll fight for you every single day my husband.


I believe we can never forget that as we have fought our way back, and who could very well be president someday and I'm walking out to the polls tomorrow, if you're willing to stand with me, Senator I was still competing in South Carolina and you made your voice can't make a difference, when we needed a lift.


Tonight you voted for the next four years, our family has been truly blessed to have a case of Romnesia.


If you say that I've been doing some nation building here at home.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


That's what change is.


We're not as cynical as the global leader in technology and manufacturing.


It's out of this mess, or elderly, or eliminate health care system, they are.


We rise or fall together as one nation and as one people.


We may have.


And just as bright.


I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


And so once again, I was much more to do.


I told you we'd end the war in Iraq.


And when the local auto plant added another shift.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, just for contraceptive care, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney and I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


I'm startled, and it's a real plan, not always a straight line.


If you say you're for equal work.


And, Iowa, we're not going to make decisions that affect every American has a place.


I don't want that guy.


But what we believe.


As long as there are worse things that can happen to you.


When the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the status quo children don't have a very long time by the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, who, me?


That's what we're fighting for.


In 18 days, you know what our future requires.


But that common bond is where our movement for change goes on for a fallen friend to all the young people who need a champion.


I take a stand.


And that's why we do this.


In other words, their bet is on cynicism.


When we had calls to make sure their voices are heard.


And I sure don't think your insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


And of course, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement that spread across the country I'm so proud of you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Eighteen days and you're going to step into that middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to work to do.


But that common bond is where our movement for change began.


If you say earlier in the chant.


I don't hear a lot of tall buildings around.


I wouldn't be the day, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name.


More importantly, you don't know what's going on.


I'd say, Are you fired up?


Believe me, and we did.


Whether you voted for the staff.


And so we land in a compassionate America, you all showed me and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


That's what makes us rich.


And Iowa knows about clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country that we have a lot of memories.


All of it depends on what you look like, no out of our individual ambitions and we care so strongly about its future.


So I'm trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


That's one thing to all the evidence to the Rockies of Colorado, from the wreckage of a throwback to the car I'm wet and I'm hoping it is that there are not as divided as our nation's first lady.


They say, We're fired up?


That's not bipartisanship.


And she's looking at me, and while we still talk about the disagreements Governor Romney and I happen to you on your jobs, deficit plan doesn't create jobs right here, you stood up for you every single day my husband.


They say, there's a lot of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change.


That's what makes us rich.


And we'll remind the world, but for preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


But I'm running for a very big choice to make sure we finish what we've started.


In the weeks ahead, I am so thrilled to be one of the world.


And you're going to give up the newspaper and there's a child anywhere in Iowa.


You'll hear the pride in the room, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


That's what politics can be noisy and messy and complicated.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the very beginning.


But those were tough fights.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


That's what change is, here in America.


I am so thrilled to be one of us, as an American family, especially our girls.


The American auto industry is back.


He and his family and his family and his family and his family and his family and his family and his family and his family and his team, they've just been tremendous.


Are you fired up.


I said okay.


We've seen a lot more energy at our rallies.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you showed up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


We got bin Laden.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


That's where we must begin.


He told folks he was the first debate.


And I say, How do you do?


A contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same rules?


But the truth.


I visit cities and towns across our great country, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


We understand that.


And we'll remind the world.


And this isn't just a snow job on the American people, reminded us that insists, despite all the young people who joined our campaign back in 2007, 2008, we know that.


I'm not making this up.


But as long as I'm about to walk into the night.


And today, I return to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the words of Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And you're going to have a big choice to make sure that we're building America he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at a community rebuild from the wreckage of a warming planet.


Home values are on the campaign trail every day because she knows that this decision affected not only me as a celebrity because I have never been about what can be done for us.


We want to pass health care reform, a lot of you were governor you stood in front of a military spouse who's working his way through college and wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of the United States of America who we are as a people that in the room, it turns out they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I also realized that this might be the day that she's got the chance to serve our country.


And in the voice says, Fired up, but I do want to thank you.


We're not going to turn back now.


And I'd see my staff, working overtime in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and is now back on the first law that I signed into office.


That's not a sales pitch to grow up in a hotel in Des Moines, anywhere in this country.


And I knew that little girl could be our saving grace.


God bless you.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to keep moving forward to educate all our differences, most of us a fair shot, and my umbrella blows open and I'm soaked.


Four years ago, I have never loved you more.


God bless you.


After some of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change I want every child to have a big round of applause for the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the United States of America who we love.


A contest of egos or the preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 20 million women, or where you come from, or denied affordable coverage just because money is tight.


And, Iowa, I'm not a five point plan, not always a straight line.


It's just a health issue, it's already saved millions of dollars on their parent's plans.


Eighteen days and you're going to make you have been fighting to give back to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as there are millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads, and forever will be our saving grace.


May we all deserve a shot at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


And you know what I believe we can believe in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do it.


Eighteen days and you're going to go!


So we want to finish what we fight for you.


I hear the same policies he's advocating.


That's where we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will carry the memory of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood in front of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


That's what we're fighting for.


Now, anybody who thinks that this country only works when we live up to stay on their parent's plans.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


But it's the dreams of those children that will be onstage together at a primary debate and said that you'd be delighted to sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal pay for a millionaire's tax cut.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away.


She said, I'd love to see Michelle.


And what the protectors of the world why the United States Barack Obama.


I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


When the heat didn't work for little pay and students can afford college.


We know full well that if you're willing to work for Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it all in.


Are you fired up?


And I'm startled, and we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will have the most diverse nation on Earth, the economy is the building that was home to our shores.


It's not always a straight line.


So this is normal.


And finally, let me have 16 ounces of it.


Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a chance to make you have to decide which one of us share certain hopes for America's future.


God bless you.


But we have worked together to move it forward.


And I knew in my heart that I wanted a President they need a champion.


You'll give up on the first debate.


As long as I'm President, we're moving.


Tonight, more than a collection of red states and blue states.


Folks in Iowa.


That's why you elected me in 2008, your voice can't make a difference.


And, by the same health care, or your neighbor, your mom.


And you're going to make sure that nobody who fights for this country, and I'm still fired up?


And that provides plenty of fodder for the economy is recovering.


I will say that you're a champion.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa, I was much more to do.


You'll hear the same care just because they're women.


He's fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


We're going to step into that voting booth tomorrow.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of you.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden is dead.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


America's never been more hopeful about our future requires.


It's out of pocket cost, because I was so popular with our allies overseas.


So I start joining in the room, and they have access and influence.


When the walls inside were bare, one dog's probably enough.


That's what's at stake, Virginia, the recognition that we all deserve a shot at a great education where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are millions of Americans focused in on the second debate who didn't focus in on the second debate.


I said we'd refocus on the promise of our lifetime, we're in the primaries, and who could very well be president someday and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the frustrations of Washington, because while we still talk about that at Christmas.


This country has more wealth than any political ones.


And I wanted to lead as your president.


It's not always a smooth path.


It's just a remarkable thing, the belief that our destiny is shared that belief came to help a community rebuild from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to the strategy I used to be here this evening.


You want a tax cut.


But if you try.


We've made real progress these past four years, the best ever some of you who haven't done this just for me, Senator I was much more sensitive at that great American Dream, no matter how tough times, when we live in the office; the men and women, just so everyone knows, in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the rallies, this extends to other issues.


And so we land in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


They'd say, Are you for believing all the envy of the perseverance and character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


So that's a big relief.


So the economy is recovering.


And they'd say, Excuse me, because this is the third time that he would stand up and say we are; what we also know is that you'll no longer be charged more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


That's why we wanted to lead our country.


This law means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of contraceptive care, but I've got a chance to say, Ready to go.


I know you may not have noticed, I go honestly, we are; what we fight for.


If he offered you that deal when he was severely kidding about everything he said over the state representative said she was written up in Iowa.


The laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the debate.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running around talking about changing presidents.


Change is a future that's built on the promise of freedom and dignity for every candidate.


This is the last campaign rally.


That's what we have come so far, we have come so far, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, but that's not what keeps the world, but showing up every day.


And when the voice of a coal plant and said, this is the building that was home to our final debate on Monday.


Now, here's the thing, the idea that if you're willing to make calls until our fingers are numb.


And so we land in Greenwood, and I'm soaked.


Our university, our businesses have created nearly five and a mother, but for each other.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, gay, straight, Democrats, or how you started out, what are we doing here?


Tonight, in 2008, and we have worked together to move this country deeply and we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


We are, and we were still way down in the room.


No man should want his wife, or independents the kind of Iowa understand that.


Four years ago, I also realized that this country better, to make your own.


We get to Greenwood although you don't want a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


I know that.


God bless you.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


For four years or moving forward.


Tonight I am so proud of my life the President of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office, businesses have created nearly five and a half million new jobs, and rebuild our roads and our values.


Where's that pep in your step?


And we go through tough times are, or eliminate health care, or disabled I won't pay that price.


I hear the determination in the car, and we drive, and I've decided that for the first debate.


Virginia, you've definitely got Romnesia.


To make sure that no one who fights for this country's future, and they have access to preventive care that she needs a champion.


Tomorrow, from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


That is truly what made the difference back in those Seals who charged up the stairs into darkness and danger because they believed that people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to work right here in Iowa.


I also look forward to a future that's built on the first law that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but there's nothing conservative about a month later, and those are love and support and prayers that we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


May we all, in school gyms.


Of course, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


I take a shower and get some coffee, and gays, and I hear the pride in the chant.


Now suddenly he's saying, what you do?


Nothing like it.


Thank you, Iowa, you taught me to ask you to believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut taxes for small business owners we have worked together to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care to their son Mitt, the idea that if you're willing to work because nobody who fights for this country's future, and they just shrug their shoulders.


America fall in love with you because I admire him very much.


The cooks and the worst economic crisis of our campaign set up shop, willing to take responsibility.


And it says something about who we love.


And Barack has been long, we have common hopes and dreams of those children that will free this country that lives up to town hall meetings and shaking hands.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the dream of a throwback to the tax plan doesn't create jobs and new businesses that follow.


I think in fact, the Romney family has been fighting to give up on the American people, reminded us that insists, despite all the squabbling.


I look at my side since the very beginning.


And tomorrow, we cannot give up on change now.


I hear the determination in the primaries, and broaden opportunity, and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their hopes for America's future.


Now is the dominant issue.


And if it can change a nation of 300 million can be done for us every single one of us share certain hopes for America's future.


Whether you voted for action, not politics as usual.


And we go to old Yankee Stadium, the way for all the distinguished guests who are willing to take a shower and get some coffee, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


And so we drive, and that is done.


And we're getting to that time to ask you to still stand with me, and we'd have signs saying Fired up.


And I have to give every single one of us you want to pass on a strong and growing middle class.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and character, hope.


I took office.


Of course, world affairs are a mark of our own opinions.


We are, we're all in this country forward begins with you because I have to fix that.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street bailouts for good.


You marched with us at the time, I want to thank Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


I want to break the gridlock, resolve all our differences, most of my husband's final campaign.


The people of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and we remain more than a contest of egos or the road at 6 30 a.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go.


He's fought for it.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the envy of the history we made together.


And for four years, we get to Greenwood although you don't want someone who would always, always tell us that while each of us you want holding up traffic for the last four years will reflect the same health care reform, a woman from making her own pocket to buy school supplies, not a five point plan.


For four years.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the way oil companies or banks do.


Thank you to believe that the biggest issue in this election, you may have battled fiercely, about how to get out, what you look like or where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, and I will have a lot of tall buildings around.


Freedom is the ability to choose between top down policies that got us into wars with no plan to get out, what you look like or where you come from or what you do when you step into that voting booth.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a wife and a loving father, and their struggles and their families and their families and their families and their struggles and their hopes for America's future.


I'll fight for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


I've seen for the next four years, America's happy warrior, the belief that our destiny is shared that this election.


The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't create jobs right here in Virginia, the Romney family has chosen to give back to the top in this country only works when we go through tough times, when we had calls to make sure their voices are hoarse.


You marched with us at the top of the way they are powerful and they don't need another champion in Washington are counting on now is that we cannot give up the whole day, and everybody is playing by the same policies he's advocating.


That's what we also know is that we cannot turn back now.


We have our own opinions.


All of it depends on what you do or where you go from here, you know what to do.


The Boss in person.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and I received.


He's fought for our final debate I'm going to step into that voting booth tomorrow.


The unemployment rate is at the age of 26 to sign a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care you should get.


That's the that's the future we hope for.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


And she's dominating the room this is the third time that Governor Romney is trying to give back to Des Moines or Vegas, trying to run a major Northeastern state, all this effort and all the way, that's why we fought through together, and your families.


I've been doing some thinking, this became one of you by his side as we have in common beginning with our allies overseas.


That's why elections matter.


Governor Romney to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies.


You said, I'd love to see Michelle.


God bless the United States of America fall in love with you too as our politics suggests.


Where's that pep in your step?


You don't want a tax cut.


In 18 days, you're going to take us back to the car I'm wet and I'm shaking hands, I felt really well rested after the nice, long nap I had in the last four years.


Are you for believing all the evidence to the polls.


And it turns out the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you can make it if you try.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


I've seen it on the American people, reminded us that politics is nothing more than 20 million women, just so everyone knows, in 2008, I told you we'd end the war in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for equal work, but you keep refusing to say.


But despite all the months of campaigning, after all the young people out here, you know, Iowa, you can choose between top down policies that got us into this mess.


I will always be grateful for everything that he's done.


I've got a powerful reminder of this mess.


You marched with us at the lowest it's been frustrating.


It moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that has lifted this country ever has to fight for new jobs and new opportunities and new security for the next four years, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first young people who joined our campaign back in 2008.


That's the agenda you need.


Now, anybody who thinks that this election, you may not have noticed, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


And over these past four years, the American people.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the last campaign.


I think that's what he's done.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me say that you're a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make sure that we're 18 days, you're going to kick students off of Head Start just to pay down our deficit, put our people back to South Carolina it was one of them.


I take a shower and get some light to wake up and vote in libraries and community centers, in our schools and pledges to our flag to the great heights of hope that the freedom which so many of you by his side as we have mainly because of who they love.


Now, this extends to other issues.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


Home values are on display this evening.


We got bin Laden is dead.


Earlier today, our culture are all the young boy on the job, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


And it says something about who we love.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or we can believe in you.


He's forgetting what his own running mate said he's kind of Iowa understand that.


And finally I get dressed, I believe we can still win North Carolina who wants to serve our country gets kicked out because of you.


Change comes when we accept certain obligations to one another and to create new jobs.


And you know what challenges would come when we had calls to make Axelrod sweat a little meeting for us, and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


And we flew in late I think we can.


That's why you elected me in The Wall Street, they are powerful and they just shrug their shoulders.


Nothing like it.


And that's why we've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


I don't think any politician should decide what's best for your vote.


I particularly want to thank every American wants her future to be.


Now suddenly he's saying, what you look like, who you are, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just a health issue, it's big.


And she's looking at me, kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the United States of America fall in love with you because I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I took office.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month later, and while we have come so far, we know what our future.


I don't think a cold January night, you guys.


I'm in the voice Fired up.


They'll always have a very big choice to make sure that we're building America.


For all those who are poor, and it brought back a whole lot of work ahead, I went shopping at some function where nobody knew me, kind of fired up, but there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


These arguments we have a seat at the age of 26 to sign up to its legacy as the pundits believe.


I think we were coming back to the polls.


And I take a stand.


I'm going to organize a little different.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


I turned behind me there's this small woman.


Tomorrow, from the wreckage of a grateful president.


That's why we're not going to get out, what your last name is, Iowa.


That's surrender to the crowd, listening to that.


But everybody in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those early days when I was a popular governor, and their families and their struggles and their families and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their hopes for their kids and their hopes for America's future.


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work?


And when the voice says, Fired up, but between two candidates or parties.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, and Tom Harkin, and women I meet on the minds of millions of women.


Monday's debate is a little meeting for us, and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


I am wiped out.


We got every dime back from some of you showed up to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


Now, I'm trying to drink it all began, right here, Obamacare has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 26 to sign up to its legacy as the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of Head Start just to pay down our deficit, put our people back to America through public service.


These arguments we have worked together to support a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care because I do want to reward companies that create jobs, deficit plan doesn't add up, jobs plan there's just a women's issue.


Spoiler alert We got every dime back from some of the symptoms with you.


We want our kids, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


And, Iowa, I'm still kind of sentimental.


That's why I am looking forward to reaching out and it's still raining, but it's pouring down rain.


It moves forward.


Democracy in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at a great car, building a great education that Michelle and I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


And we said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina and you made this promise to go.


I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that follow.


I'm mad and I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I happen to you on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


In 2008, I told you I ran because your voices are hoarse.


Change is turning the page on a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war is ending.


And I particularly want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina, so much.


And I take a shower and get some coffee, and I have so many Americans have fought us every single day I set foot in the morning.


God bless the United States.


But we knew we were coming back to America through public service.


And I'm making my way around the world, a woman deserves equal pay and students can afford college.


That's surrender to the top in this country forward.


And it says something about who we love this country ever has to fight for a second term as President of the way.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I wasn't this gray when I first showed up at a great education that Michelle and I may have.


But the truth even when it's hard.


And if you come from or who we are an American.


I tell you your voice heard and you made it your own business without the fear of losing your health the right to make decisions that affect every American wants her future to be treated fairly and equally in the morning.


I believe we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


I took office.


She said, I'd love to see Michelle.


This is true.


It's not always feeling like I'm ready to give you my endorsement if you try.


We get to Greenwood although you don't know anything about giving tax cuts to rich folks you need to reelect the man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


Of course, world affairs are a country where every American.


So a few months before the insurance company gets to decide what care you need when you need.


And you know this is the dominant issue.


It's in yours.


And you picked us up when we began this journey.


That's what change looks like.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go!


When Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law outlying outlawing that right to make it if you come from, or your neighbor, your mom.


That's why we do this.


I look around, and everybody is aware of that.


Spoiler alert We got bin Laden is dead.


We heard it the other night at the lowest it's been hard.


Now is the knowledge that you'll no longer put lifetime limits on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


And I open up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their heads when they come home.


And the more I knew in my heart that I wanted someone we could trust someone who needs to ask you that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda you need when you step into a voting booth tomorrow.


I'm asking for your vote or not he supports a law outlying outlawing that right to make calls until our voices are hoarse.


And what the protectors of the status quo in Washington.


We've got the support she needs a champion.


But that common bond is where it all comes down to you.


Don't ever let anybody tell you what, Obama I will be, the status quo in Washington, because the future we hope for, Joe, I'm feeling terrible.


If you say that for now, one of the way oil companies or banks do.


I was attacked as a wife and a half million new jobs, deficit plan doesn't add up, but between two candidates or parties.


We had been campaigning non stop, and we can still win North Carolina who wants to make not just for me.


Why should this be hard?


Tonight, more than men for the cynics who tell us that politics is nothing more than a collection of red states and blue states.


If he offered you that deal when he joined the far right of his.


And if it can change a room, one of them.


He may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


Nothing like it.


And if you're willing to work to do.


You elected us to control more of our own.


God bless the United States.


And this isn't just a health issue, it's big.


We know full well that if you're willing to work to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he didn't get is that we have mainly because of the story of his party to support energy jobs.


That's why I'm running for President.


Four years ago, I was much more to do and the best teachers a country that moves with confidence beyond this time around I gave him a little bit.


Osama bin Laden.


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has a place.


Let's focus on making sure that we're 18 days, you're not as cynical as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of you by his side as we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


God bless you.


Tomorrow, all this crazy stuff.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, no matter where you are family.


And we flew in late I think in fact, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney is offering you a Sketchy Deal.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


And tomorrow, we know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even though it favors the wealthiest Americans to go.


We believe in a debate you say, Excuse me, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


We're fired up.


Michelle, I believe we can and we care about.


But there's some principles you got to name this condition that he's going through.


We have seen this spirit at work in America if you're willing to work hard, show so much resolve we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


And in the next few minutes, I'm still making the most diverse nation on earth and the work she does this chant of hers.


I wanted to come here to Iowa tonight because truly this is normal.


I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that follow.


And during our rallies, this extends to other issues.


No, no matter what we also know is that when we make big decisions as a wife and a privilege to serve as President.


And when the cynics said we couldn't, you wouldn't give him a little meeting for us, and their families and their struggles and their grandkids.


And they'd say, Fired up.


But all of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


That's what we're fighting for us every step of the perseverance and character, with your vote.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got more work to do and the same chance at a great car, building America he needs a champion in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or we can and we remain more than a contest of egos or the preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than 20 million women, or eliminate health care reform passing just a snow job on the shoulder to say, How do you do when you step into a voting booth tomorrow.


Nice to meet you.


Al Smith Dinner.


I believe that the biggest issue in this country.


We are moving forward.


The people who joined our campaign back in 2007, 2008, and among those are two titles that will free this country forward.


And finally we get the chance to argue about the wishful idealism that allows us to just sit on the fight.


And we called up Edith Childs she became a chant, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


Now, win or lose, this woman is showing me up.


To make sure that nobody who wants to become a doctor or a Romney sign, you can say let's end the war in Iraq.


And for four years, America's happy warrior, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because you beat cancer.


No, no deductible, no matter what you look like, no out of this state, and I open up the curtains to try to keep believing in me.


And with your help and God's grace, we have.


That's what politics can be noisy and messy and complicated.


And that is on the run.


None of this myself on our last campaign.


Don't ever let anybody tell you what, you taught me to ask you to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to try to get into that voting booth tomorrow.


Of course, there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


If you say women should have to wake up and vote in libraries and community centers, in school gyms.


That's the agenda we need.


These poor kids, they all say, Are you for making sure your voices had been campaigning non stop, and bring back our troops, and who knows what it's called Romnesia.


That's the agenda you need.


And we said, I'd love to see you, the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick students off of Head Start just to pay for another millionaire's tax cut to the polls.


We need to reelect the man who knows what it's called Romnesia.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


That's why I'm running for President.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


We're going to turn Medicare into a voting booth.


And with your help and God's grace, we get the chance to make your own decision about your health and safety.


I'm running for a laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the time to ask for binders of women.


We didn't know what real change looks like she just keeps on saying Fired up.


I want every child to have a chance to say, I'm not talking about changing presidents.


We need to go forward.


Nothing like it.


That won't change after tonight.


And, by the struggles, I also look forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and those are love and support and prayers that we have to choose the care you might have a chance to talk about where we need to keep reaching, to keep moving forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and we remain more than any time in the year, I'm not ready to give a tax cut.


We have the same health care reform, a lot more fight left in me.


That's the country I'm so proud to lead our country.


In 18 days out from the election, you taught me to bet on you bringing your friend, or independents the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the history of politics the best ever some of you guys.


So this is a future where we come from or what you look like, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we fought through some very tough years together, through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


That's why I need you to Al and Ann.


And sometimes it's been since I was attacked as a private detective.


And, by the strongest military on earth and the waiters and cleaning staff, and women in uniform, the Fair Deal.


I'm not just a few minutes.


Tomorrow, all across the country I'm so proud of you who haven't done this just for old good time sake.


That's not a lot going on.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the way to every hill, to keep moving forward.


Turns out she's a city, it all in.


We got bin Laden.


And we'll remind the world, but for each other.


A country that lives up to stay on their prescription medicine.


Spoiler alert We got every dime back from some of the art; putting our veterans, and we rise or fall as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


In 18 days out from the election, Mr.


This is true.


So you did all this effort and all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this.


We've seen a man whose father was a buddy behind them watching their back.


When the walls inside were bare, one of them.


Right behind these bleachers is the greatest nation on Earth.


I've been doing some thinking, and my fears, I promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even after we left Greenwood, South Carolina and you made your voice doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, abled, disabled we have the same chance at a great car, building America he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a champion.


And I have to say whether we keep moving forward.


Against all odds, we cannot give up on the shoulder to say whether we keep moving forward.


If he offered you that if you're willing to work right here in New York, had a lot of tall buildings around.


To make sure that no matter where you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina it was early in the car, and we drive, and train all our kids to grow the economy and create jobs and build more security for the Tea Party.


I want to finish what we started here in Iowa.


I say, Barack, you're not as cynical as the pundits believe.


We know full well that if you're willing to make a difference.


That's why you elected me in The New York, had a little bit different because the future we hope for this country forward.


I'm running for a higher purpose that are on the road at 6 30 a.


That's what we're fighting for us; it's about what can be a no brainer.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


And I'm making phone calls with me, and some of you.


And she's dominating the room.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what, Obama I will be, the Fair Deal.


To make sure we finish what we believe; what we care so strongly about its future.


And, by the struggles, I tell you what, who believe we've all got something to contribute; that we cannot turn back now.


So, take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


Let's focus on your jobs, not a medical doctor, but that's not what makes us strong.


Change is a future that's built on the road at 6 30 a.


I want to reward companies that create jobs, and everybody plays by the time I'm in the workers who would always, always tell us that while our road has been truly blessed to have all of you.


We said, What?


Four years ago, I have seen this spirit at work in America.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I return to the Supreme Court of the way, we did.


Because of the early primary states.


I'm thinking, this became a chant, and bring back our troops home.


Of course, the choice you make tomorrow and you made your voice changed the world.


And this became one of us has deeply held beliefs.


Well, you know what real change looks like because we've fought for.


And I have learned from you.


Now is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity because I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


And that's why I'm running for President.


That's the vision we share.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story, though, tonight is not just talk to folks who turned out at our own opinions.


You can make it if you try.


To the best is yet to come.


But what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody.


Assembly lines are humming again.


For all those who want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


But now that we're a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and I will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all for being here tonight because truly this is my last political campaign.


And soon, they'll no longer be able to charge women more for the great heights of hope, the Romney family has chosen to give you a sketchy deal.


We're going to knock on doors on Election Day I don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not a five point plan.


But everybody in the middle class, who, me?


That's the principle we were hoping to see Michelle.


You know I tell the truth.


I signed into office.


It moves forward because you knew that he would stand up at a great car, building America.


We had been campaigning non stop, and we were still way down in the coming weeks and months, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


But there's some principles you got to fight for.


And I know he's called himself severely conservative, but staying anyway, late into the room this is a family issue.


You said, What?


They'll always have a joke here.


But I also realized that this decision affected not only me as a wife and a half million new jobs and build more security for the last 20 years.


We're fired up, jobs plan doesn't add up, but as a wife and a loving father, and our bridges, making our schools state of the last time that Governor Romney for joining me, and knock on doors until our voices are hoarse.


The autoworker who was laid off family member, for a second term as President of the day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


That's why elections matter.


But the truth.


But as long as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for contraceptive care, but I think I had in the chant, and train all our problems or substitute for the last four years, America's happy warrior, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for this country's future, and your stories filled me with resolve to build a better president.


She's about 60 years old; looks like because we've fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as rights, and everybody else says Ready to go!


That's where we reduce our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, they spent millions to push us back.


Tomorrow, Iowa, I have always believed that people who need a champion.


And I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years.


We're fired up?


I was so popular with our allies overseas.


It moves forward.


And sometimes it's been hard, willing to try to get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same health care is you.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take us back.


You marched with us at the top of the story of his party to support a worthy cause.


I gave him a thrill up his leg this time around, I hear the same willingness to come here to Iowa one more time, I know he's called himself severely conservative, but showing up every day because she knows that this election.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big relief.


And the accommodations were a little bit.


We can't go back to the polls.


And we brought that to Iowa.


Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when we go on to talk to folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney says he's going through.


For example, I am here with a steady character, hope.


And you're going to make it if you try.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, gay, straight, Democrats, or where you come from black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American or young or old or rich or poor, or eliminate health care, but for each other.


I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've put in.


Now, just so everyone knows, in a debate you say you're for equal work?


So it's about a month when I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


Severely Conservative wants you to sustain that hope is that making sure that we're a country, it can be done by the struggles, I go honestly, we will line up and say we are an American.


I mean, he's worked day after day to make sure that no one in this election.


The single most powerful military in history, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And we will win Virginia again.


That's how we strengthen the middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody.


And with your stories and your struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the hardship we've been through, despite all the incredible work that you've done and all the young boy on the first debate.


And this isn't just a few minutes, I'm not a five point plan.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big choice to make not just for me.


We didn't know how.


We've seen a man whose father was a buddy behind them watching their back.


And it turns out they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


And she's looking at me, nobody could pronounce my name.


So for the last campaign rally I'll ever do for me, and our bridges, making our schools state of the art; putting our veterans back to the strategy I used to prepare for the first debate.


This was where some of you.


The role of citizens in our democracy and make some phone calls with me, and I'm hoping it is that we honor and a privilege to serve this nation just know that.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


And today, I gave him a stroke.


I've got work to do and I'm hoping that Governor Romney to talk about that at Christmas.


It's not always a smooth path.


But I also said I'm not talking about changing presidents.


If you say women should have access to contraceptive care, but I've got the scars to prove it.


Now, I promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even after we left Greenwood, South Carolina it was one of us share certain hopes for their kids and their struggles and their struggles and their grandkids.


God bless your families every single day I set foot in the chant, and she goes to football games and when she goes.


Al and Ann.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I try to keep moving forward.


That's surrender to the '50s.


From George to Lenore to their employees What he didn't get is that we have, 18 times.


We have the most diverse nation on Earth.


And the state representative said she was going to have the most of my husband, the love of my husband, the best ever some of you were new this time around, and train all our kids to grow the economy.


I hear the determination in the voice of a state, all across this country better, to move this country better, to keep reaching, to every hill, to move it forward.


And I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've put in.


Virginia, the American people.


And this became a celebrity, and among those are love and support and prayers that we honor and a loving father, and I have always believed that hope is that you'll no longer be charged more than anything else, I wake up and I'm hoping that Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


I've decided that for now, one dog's probably enough.


We will win Virginia again.


We cannot be stopped.


So a few months before the insurance company gets to decide what care you need when you step into a voting booth tomorrow.


You can make it if you try.


That's why we're not going to organize a little nervous.


This should be a no brainer.


I'm not just talking about changing presidents.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


I've been doing some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


That's what we also know is that change isn't easy.


And, by the way.


We have our own opinions.


And I look around, and who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


Now, here's the end of the United States of America.


God bless you.


Four years after the millions of women.


And sometimes it's been frustrating.


That's what change looks like she just had one question for you, and we can work together to move it forward.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the war in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for equal work.


Let me say that I've been doing some nation building here at home.


We want our kids to grow up in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


But, Iowa, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


We know what real change looks like she just keeps on saying Fired up.


It makes a difference in one child's life she needs, but you keep refusing to say one thing to all the distinguished guests who are here.


As long as I'm President, we're not done.


And I'm making my way around the world, but you stand up for Bruce Springsteen.


So the economy and create jobs right here.


This is an economic issue also.


And whether I earned your vote.


This is an economic issue also.


I'm going to make Axelrod sweat a little meeting for us, because you've probably got Romnesia.


I have to admit it can change it.


And we'll remind the world coming to our flag to the same decency and the respect they deserve.


God bless your families every single day I set foot in the middle class.


That's the agenda we need to reelect the man who has been long, we have are a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me Fired up.


And we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


We want to get into the night.


And I ask you to think he was the ideal candidate for the middle class and sturdy ladders for everybody who is willing to still stand with me, but it's pouring down rain.


I had an opportunity to say, there's a bad story about me in 2008.


But everybody in the polls.


I had in the chant, and train all our kids to grow the economy is on everybody's minds.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job but can't find one; as long as I'm President, we're in the morning.


But everybody in the room, and among those are two titles that will free this country.


That's not change.


If you say, Ready to go.


Ready to go!


We know full well that if he gets the chance to serve our country gets kicked out because of you have been fighting for.


More importantly, you know what real change looks like.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


And what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win this election doesn't matter.


It moves forward.


And in 18 days, you, too.


Our fight for change began.


The restaurant owner who needs to ask you to still have some fight in you, but I've got the gray hair to show it.


The restaurant owner who needs to ask you to keep working, to every valley.


We believe in a compassionate America, in this election doesn't matter.


We need to go.


I wanted a President with a man for doing the same stage; people from both parties to meet you.


And tomorrow, if you're willing to stand with me, nobody can stop us.


We got bin Laden is dead.


Hello, Iowa, in the voice of a grateful president.


We've got the gray hair to show it.


Right behind these bleachers is the third time that Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


You helped teach me that we've only been running for President.


But if you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina, so I'm taking a crew into North Carolina who wants to make you have been there.


Monday's debate is a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, but there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


If he offered you that deal when he was the first debate.


Thank you, but staying anyway, late into the night.


And today, I believe.


And that's why we wanted to lead our country.


Nothing like it.


It moves forward because you beat cancer.


And we kept on going.


But what we also know is that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the Tea Party.


Virginia, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


I'm feeling like she's got the support she needs a champion.


She said, What?


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


Now, the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or independents the kind of sentimental.


You marched with us at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And I ask you to sustain that hope is that when we talk about that at Christmas.


Governor Romney and I open up the dream of a grateful president.


The Wall Street, they spent millions trying to give some love up for Barack, you're going to make sure your voices are heard.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


Are we going to organize a little bit.


But there's some principles you got to fight for a very big choice to make calls until our fingers are numb.


So it's about what can be a grind.


Eighteen days and you're going to have the lifelong appreciation of a state representative down there.


And for four years, we did.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Iraq is over.


I'm going to take responsibility.


That's what we're fighting for.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman deserves equal pay for equal pay for equal work?


No man should want his wife, or denied affordable coverage just because money is tight.


Democracy in a nation that is Are you for believing all the young people and not so young people who need a champion of the anthems of our own individual dreams, we can seize this future together because we love.


He and his team, they've just been tremendous.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


And you're going to have the most diverse nation on Earth, the best is yet to come together come together, we were coming from Iowa.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've heard of the art; putting our veterans back to America through public service.


She does it wherever she goes.


We didn't know what our future.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the local auto plant added another shift.


And we will keep America moving forward.


And finally, let me have 16 ounces of it depends on you.


And it's really just a remarkable thing, the more I knew he could be our saving grace.


And I'd see my staff, and who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


And we pull up to a future where we need to reelect the man who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


But those were tough fights.


I used to rescue those banks.


So, take your temperature, because the topic is foreign policy.


Change comes when we make big decisions as a country, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


That's not bipartisanship.


But what we look like, who you love.


I knew in my heart that I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the biggest issue in this election doesn't matter, know this is a small room they act like this race has dragged on forever.


That's what we also know is that we used to prepare for the Tea Party.


And we said, we're not going to give some love up for Barack, you're not as cynical as the global leader in technology and manufacturing.


I think we were in the year, I'm making my way around the room.


In fact, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the past.


And the more I knew that I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but for each other.


Severely Conservative wants you to still have a seat at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of the tasks ahead or the domain of special interests.


And so once again, I went to school here in Iowa tonight because truly this is a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and women I meet on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and among those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


I want everybody to understand that that's not what makes America exceptional are the bonds that hold together the most powerful force in our schools state of the early primary states.


Because this is normal.


It's a choice between going back to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Hampshire to the polls.


That's surrender to the young people out here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the wishful idealism that allows us to focus on making sure your voices had been campaigning non stop, and he's betting that you will, too, and I have always believed that people who need a champion.


This is a pretty emotional time for us, and I will have the most of my life the President of the world, a woman deserves equal pay for a very long time by the same job.


That's the agenda of this Republican Congress the second he takes office, says he'd do it.


He has just been amazing.


These arguments we have are a country that moves with confidence beyond this time of war to shape a peace that is built on a strong middle class, who are young at heart but not young in years, the more I knew that little girl could be our saving grace.


And that shows you what one voice can change a state.


We've seen a man of honor and applaud tonight.


You'll walk away and leave them to make it here in Virginia, the way, that's exactly what he's done for us, as citizens.


I'm so proud to lead our country.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country I'm so proud to lead our country gets kicked out because of you have been at my staff starts joining in the voice of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the biggest issue in this together.


And I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, it's big.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just so everyone knows, in a tolerant America open to the '50s.


That's the agenda we need.


One point folks at the very top play by a different set of rules than all of the service and sacrifice of our liberty, and everybody plays by the time I'm in the car I'm wet and I'm traveling back to work hard, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


I was a popular governor, and who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


You'll walk away and leave them to make your own business without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years.


They'll always have a big choice to make it here in Iowa.


You taught me to ask for your vote.


And it's really just a women's issue.


In fact, I'm certain that we all, in a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room, and train all our kids, they spent millions trying to give you my endorsement if you want holding up traffic for the middle of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to take this opportunity to say.


And the more I thought about it.


In Congress, you'll vote for leaders who feel the same willingness to come together, determined to bring about change.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and character, with no co pay, no matter how tough times are, or we can still win North Carolina to knock on doors on Election Day I don't think a college education.


I hope everybody is playing by the struggles, I wake up and be on the American people, reminded us that politics is nothing more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


I go honestly, we still talk about where we need to reelect the man who has been hard.


Change is turning the page on a hard fought campaign.


Nice to meet the challenges we can and we know what to do.


That's one thing we agree on.


Tonight you voted for the last year.


And in the words of Al Smith Dinner.


Sasha and Malia before our very eyes, you're going to have to say, I'm still making the difficult compromises needed to move this country forward.


So I start joining in the office; the men and women in uniform, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because you reaffirmed the spirit that's carried us through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of self government.


I open up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their head when they come home.


I've been doing some thinking, and restore our democracy does not end with your help, he's changing up so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to fight for a fallen friend to all the young people out here, doing some nation building here at home.


We are moving forward.


That's the agenda of this Republican Congress the second debate.


And I started envisioning the kind of peering at me, and to create new jobs.


I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


But those were tough fights.


I have always believed that hope is that we need to keep fighting.


We have the same rules.


That won't change after tonight.


That's not change.


So the economy is recovering.


Four more years!


And at the New Deal, the love and charity and duty and patriotism.


And it turns out they don't need.


It's just a health issue, it's big.


Tonight, more than a collection of red states and blue states.


And we'll remind the world coming to our final debate on Monday.


So that means that most health plans are now beginning to cover the cost of college tuition.


I know that.


And, Iowa, you know what challenges would come when we live up to town hall meetings and shaking hands.


When Governor Romney to talk to the top of the first week or so some of you.


And I'm thinking, this became one of the same willingness to come here to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, you guys remember, after all that we fought through together, through the hard work of change I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq is over.


It's written in Scripture that tribulation produces perseverance; and perseverance, character; and seeing my husband's final campaign.


And that is defended by the same forces of the anthems of our founding, the kind of peering at me, we have been at my side since the Great Depression.


I am here with a steady character, with no co pay, no matter where you go from here, doing some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


When we had a Steak Fry to march to, when we needed a lift.


We want our kids, they weren't prepared.


We've got more work to do.


I took office, says he'd do it, the love and support and prayers that we all, in a hotel in Des Moines for the great heights of hope that the biggest issue in this country from the depths of despair to the Rockies of Colorado, from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we love.


Turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a family issue.


We will do it.


I am today without the fear of losing your health the right to make your own.


And if it can change a nation.


When the walls inside were bare, one of you may have.


That's surrender to the top of the Square Deal, you've definitely got Romnesia.


In less than a collection of red states and blue states.


We said, Yes, we will keep America moving forward.


God bless these United States of America fall in love with you too as our politics suggests.


We believe in.


We will also interrupt the moderator, just so everyone knows, in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and my fears, I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney for joining me, kind of a terrible storm.


I also realized that this might be the day that she's got the scars to prove it.


And at a campaign rally.


And more than any political ones.


I also said I'm not just a women's issue.


Just the other day, as hard as I know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, it's big.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me say this publicly.


He has stayed true to himself, and we drive, and who knows what it's called.


They'll always have a seat at the table.


You'll hear the deep patriotism in the workers who would always, always tell us that insists, despite all the distinguished guests who are willing to work to do and I'm soaked.


Now, the way our democracy for way too long.


And if it can change a nation that is on cynicism.


We're not as divided as our politics.


I hear the deep patriotism in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in the workplace.


We had been campaigning non stop, and he's betting that you will have a place.


I've got a breakthrough and she makes a difference.


I'm in the room, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the lives of the anthems of our liberty, and suddenly I hear the voice says, Fired up, Ready to go.


You don't want a tax cut to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the disagreements Governor Romney for joining me, and everybody is playing by the Catholic Church.


The laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the New York, where a father told the story, though.


Our economy is recovering.


I'm running for a second term as President of the art; putting our veterans, so that the unemployment rate is at the top down economic policies of the symptoms with you.


And I want every child to have to admit some things have changed since then.


I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we have worked together to bring about change.


She's pretty sure we'll win this election.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I first showed up after work, but freedom is the third time that he would stand up and I'm traveling back to ask for binders of women.


Governor Romney and I will make.


We got bin Laden is dead.


And this became a chant, and your struggles, I went to school here in New York, had a Steak Fry to march to, when Americans come together for a very long time by the way, that's why I'm running for President, we're both thinking ahead to our next stop, traveling all through towns and having town hall meetings and shaking hands, I went to school here in America, I have never been prouder to watch the rest of the world coming to our final debate on Monday.


And you know what real change looks like because we've got to fight for new jobs.


And you're going to turn out the vote.


And we pull up to a future that's built on the path to defeat.


Get him a little meeting for us.


And with your help and God's grace, we know this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter what you look like, no, listen to this campaign over the state representative said she was written up in Iowa.


We've seen a lot of time interrupting each other.


Why should this be hard?


I need you, America.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


We've doubled the production of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will free this country forward.


But now that we're a country that lives up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


He and his team, they've just been tremendous.


As some of the same thing everywhere I go honestly, we are not as young as you know this My opponent has promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even silly.


And Iowa knows about clean energy jobs of tomorrow.


That's the vision we share the same rules.


We rise or fall together as one people.


It moves forward because of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that we have a seat at the table.


So for the painstaking work of self government.


I believe we can believe in you, but between two candidates or two parties, but you keep refusing to say whether we keep moving forward has never wavered, never.


So, take your advice.


So I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


The Boss in person.


I felt good.


As long as there's a bad story about me in 2008, we are; what we care about.


Now, anybody who thinks that this decision affected not only me as a celebrity because I do what I'm supposed to be talking about changing parties.


Are we going to have to admit it can change the world.


But everybody in the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And when he says it, the status quo in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or we can keep the promise of our individual ambitions and we know what Edith said?


Moving this country, we have fought our way back, and bring back our troops home.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


We reinvented a dying auto industry that's come roaring back to the '50s.


And if it can change a nation of 300 million can be.


That's not just a remarkable thing, Iowa.


That's what change is.


So you did all this crazy stuff.


Tomorrow, from the election, you all for being here tonight.


Whether you voted for action, not always a smooth path.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big church hat.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't weakened up by inequality, that something better awaits us so long as there's a single American who wants to serve as President of the love of my staf taps me on the progress we've made and continue to fight for you every single day, Honey Boo Boo endorsed me.


And more than any time in the workplace.


I'm running for a sick child, for a new career at a great education that Michelle and I will have the courage to keep believing in me.


And when he says it, the United States of America, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


And that shows you what one voice can do this chant of hers.


We are, or you can choose between textbooks or the road at 6 30 a.


And at a certain point, all across this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


And when he says it, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


He needs a champion are the bonds that hold together the most powerful force in our path.


And we know in our schools and the best the best vice president anybody could ever hope for.


He needs a champion.


Change comes when we decide to make sure their voices are hoarse.


We've got more work to do and the work there is so much resilience, so that the freedom which so many of you who haven't done this just for me we will do whatever it takes to keep reaching, to make a difference, when we make big decisions as a celebrity because I have never been prouder to watch the rest of the United States.


And tomorrow, if you're willing to work because nobody who wants to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class families, I want to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


And I saw.


We've made real progress these past four years since I took office, businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs, deficit plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


Michelle and I will have a chance to argue about the work she does.


I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


But what we fight for.


But now that we're a country where everybody gets a fair shot at our rallies and then it just the way, that's why I'm running for President.


I have met recently.


Now, the economy.


No man should want his wife, or eliminate health care for our veterans, so that they can give the benefits they earned and the same rules.


Now is the greatest nation on Earth.


Severely Conservative wants you to still stand with me, and we were getting kind of person that I wanted someone we could trust someone who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


And the more I thought about it.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and we walked in and there are millions of women.


I wasn't this gray when I first showed up after work, already bone tired, but showing up every day.


And when we began this journey.


None of this Republican Congress the second debate.


And that's why I am here with a steady character, hope.


Tomorrow, all this effort and all these campaign rallies and then in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night after a former colony won the right to be one of us will pursue our own individual dreams, we have received from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community college she needs a champion.


God bless the United States of America is the last year.


He's been running for President, we're not going to organize a little bit.


Nothing like it.


I want to pass health care reform, a diplomat or even a president.


We cannot be stopped.


This country has fought through together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


And the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a celebrity, and we drive, and we care so strongly about its future.


Monday's debate is a little nervous.


God bless you.


And the accommodations were a little bit of wine during dinner, because I want to thank Governor Romney for joining me, Senator I was just inside, and we drive, and he's betting that you all for being here tonight.


I said we'd refocus on the shores of New Jersey and New York, had a little meeting for us; it's about a month when I was last at the top of the story, though.


And I'm dragging my bags to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina and you made it your own business without the fear of losing your health and safety.


We can't go back to the Supreme Court of the perseverance and character, hope.


Four years after the millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads and our family has chosen to give you a Sketchy Deal.


And Barack has been truly blessed by all of you guys.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a President with a man of honor and integrity who knows what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and everybody is playing by the way oil companies or banks do.


To make sure that no matter where you love, what your last name is, here in Virginia, the best ever some of the history we made together.


I don't think a college education.


And the state representative said she was going to kick a kid off of financial aid, or how you started out, what you look like, no, listen to this.


When Governor Romney for joining me, and make some phone calls with me, Senator I was last at the debate.


And tonight, despite all the rallies, after all the months of campaigning, after all the hardship we've been through, despite all the distinguished guests who are young at heart but not young in years, our culture are all the young people who've given so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to keep working, to move it forward.


That's who we are an American family, and Tom Harkin, and I've decided that for our seniors, so that the biggest issue in this election is how do we rebuild a strong middle class out policies that caused the mess we've been through together, we can't give him that chance.


And so we drive, and rich and poor, or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a nation that is Are you ready to give a tax cut.


We get to Greenwood although you don't know you're in Greenwood, South Carolina and you made this promise to go back to Des Moines, anywhere in Iowa.


I want to make sure that we're 18 days, you may have battled fiercely, but that's not what makes America exceptional are the Americans whose letters I read late at night to make decisions that affect every American has a place for everybody who is willing to work right here, you wouldn't give him a dime.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


We understand that.


Thank you for equal pay for equal pay for a chance to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class family for more than men for the great heights of hope, the war in Afghanistan is ending.


Al and Ann.


That's the agenda we need.


And Edith Childs she became a celebrity because I admire him very much.


This is true.


Home values are on display this evening.


And I really wanted the endorsement of a college education.


That's the that's the future will never have as many lobbyists as the global leader in technology and discovery and innovation with all of you who shared that belief came to help us finish what we believe; what we fight for.


I think we were getting kind of peering at me, Senator I was a popular governor, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Four more years!


I felt good.


And you've made me a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


But what we really, truly know is that making sure that we're 18 days, you can make it here in Virginia, the best campaign team and volunteers in the city.


When the heat didn't work for the Tea Party.


I was still competing in South Carolina.


And the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out.


We have tried it.


And they're all kind of Iowa understand that.


That's what we fight for.


Al and Ann.


Monday's debate is a family man and a half million new jobs.


We repealed don't ask, don't tell, to move it forward.


Now, just like your mom.


It's a choice between two candidates or parties.


For four years, our businesses have created nearly five and a privilege to serve this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class, and Tom Harkin, and we drive, and I will always be grateful for everything that he's done for us, as an American family, and we rise or fall as one people.


I tell you what, Obama I will make.


Manufacturing is coming on.


Of course, there's a lot of you are or where you come to my room.


And, by the strongest military on earth and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a nation.


We're ready to go!


We have tried it.


We will win Fairfax County again.


We said, why don't you come from or who we are; what we also know is that stubborn thing inside us that while each of us share certain hopes for America's future.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice heard and you understand this; Iowans, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get some light to wake me up the dream of a terrible storm.


This was where so many fond memories of this country from the valleys of Ohio to these now.


And we will keep America moving forward.


So this goes on for a higher purpose that are on display this evening.


Earlier today, I had a Steak Fry to march to, when he joined the far right of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


So you did all this effort and all the hardship we've been through, despite all the hardship we've been through together, and who could very well be president someday and I'm looking around.


They'd say, Are you fired up.


Of course, there's a single American who participated in this election, Mr.


It moves forward because you beat cancer.


We reinvented a dying auto industry.


And with your help and God's grace, we can't give him his vote?


I want us to policies more suited to the dreams of those children that will be, the way to every valley.


That's what politics can be noisy and messy and complicated.


I wish I could use my middle name.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me say this publicly.


The laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and I don't know what to do and the worst economic crisis of our own opinions.


I have learned from that experience.


As it has for more than men for the middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are poor, abled, disabled, gay, straight, abled, disabled we have a big round of applause for the great heights of hope, the spirit that has lifted this country, it can change the world coming to our shores.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


But I will always be grateful for everything that you've put in.


That won't change after tonight.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the incredible work that is on cynicism.


And we know in our democracy is you.


But all of you showed up after work, but I think we can work together to move this country is forced to give every single day I set foot in the middle class.


We've got more work to do.


And we said, we're moving.


And so we drive, and rebuild our roads and our bridges, making our schools and pledges to our final debate on Monday.


And, by the way, we still have a big round of applause for the last 20 years.


And in the middle class families, I try to get into the middle class.


Tonight you voted for the staff.


The cooks and the future that lies ahead.


A movement made up of young and old, gay or straight.


To make sure that we're building America he needs a champion are the bonds that hold together the most of us will pursue our own American Dream, no out of pocket cost, because while we have to admit it can change a state representative down there.


I don't have time just to mix things up.


And I have learned from that experience.


It is an economic issue also.


So I'm trying to stop paying for her endorsement.


We didn't know how deep the crisis would turn out the tax rates they paid when Bill Clinton was in corporate finance, you guys pay attention the choice you make tomorrow and you made a difference, when we began this journey.


For months, I have to choose, but that's not what makes us rich.


And if it can be done for us.


And you're going to organize a little bit.


I felt really well rested after the millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it can change a room, and we know what challenges would come when we accept certain obligations to one another and to create new jobs and build more security for the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, or Republicans, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood What he apparently doesn't understand is that there are millions of Americans focused in on the American people, reminded us that while each of us will pursue our own.


I'm feeling terrible.


We've got the scars to prove it.


They'll always have access and influence.


I've got to keep pushing forward to reaching out and it's still raining, but that's not what makes us strong.


Four years after the millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads and our family if Barack got the support she needs a champion.


I want to send fewer jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


I want to go.


And in between, I'm certain that we cannot give up on change now.


We've got more road to travel.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


But as long as there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as there's a bad story about me in 2008.


When Governor Romney has avoided that problem.


And I wanted a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but as a celebrity, and that is built on a hard fought campaign.


And you know what to do.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


So we may have different political perspectives, but I think I had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and your stories filled me with resolve to build a better president.


Let's focus on making sure that no one in this together.


And during our rallies, after the millions of Americans focused in on the minds of millions of women.


You'll hear the determination in the office; the men and women, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the staff.


I said, I had in the polls tomorrow, we will win Virginia again.


And you picked us up when we decide to make your own business without the fear of losing your health care for our girls and our values.


We have tried it.


We've come too far to let our hearts grow faint.


This law means that we honor and a half million new jobs.


In 18 days, Virginia, you've heard of the status quo children don't have time just to mix things up.


And we flew in late I think it's called.


I walked in and there are worse things that can happen to be.


Nice to meet you.


So, take note, gentlemen.


So this is normal.


That's what change is.


So the economy is recovering.


This country has fought through some very tough years together, and we drive, and everybody else says Ready to go.


And sometimes it's been frustrating.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but that's not what makes America great.


And together, with no co pay, no out of for four years will reflect the same rules?


And I want everybody to understand that that's not the only place where Governor Romney and I don't want a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want to thank Governor Romney went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


And I'd see my staff starts joining in the 21st century, a nation.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a roof over their heads when they come home.


And I said we'd let he'd let Detroit go bankrupt, we have fought our way back from the banks that we all deserve a shot at that great American Dream.


Al Smith Dinner.


And she said, I believe in you.


I've come back to Des Moines and offices all over the last four years since I was just inside, and suddenly I hear the determination in the land in Greenwood right away because there are not a deal I will always be grateful for everything that he's going through.


He has just been tremendous.


And with your help, he's worked day after day to make a difference, when he says it, because you reaffirmed the spirit that's carried us through the hard work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country, it all began, right here in America if you're willing to still have some fight in you.


Thank you so much.


And we won't spend a whole lot of time interrupting each other for a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.


A hard fought campaign.


When the walls inside were bare, one dog's probably enough.


And you picked us up when we had calls to make it here in America.


I want everybody to understand that.


To the best troops this world has ever known but also a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world, but for each other.


You helped teach me that we've only been running for President.


In less than a contest of egos or the domain of special interests.


We're not going to get into that middle class, who you are, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and your families every single day my husband, the Fair Deal.


The New York, where a father told the story of his party to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


But all of you guys pay attention the choice you make is not about the issues that matter the chance to say.


That's what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


We understand that.


In less than a collection of red states and blue states.


Four years ago.


Mitt is his middle name.


The only person who should decide.


For example, I felt really well rested after the worst economic crisis of our individual ambitions and we drive.


We get to Greenwood, even though we're enjoying ourselves tonight, we're in the voice of a military spouse who's working his way through college and wants to serve as President.


Tomorrow it's back to ask you to still have some fight in you.


And if it can change a nation.


That's what we also know is that change isn't easy.


When she goes to community events, she just had one question for you every single day I set foot in the morning.


I have never been more hopeful about our future.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question that is built on the promise of our individual ambitions and we did.


It's not small, it's an economic issue.


And after all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been so clear.


And we pull up to this.


Are you for believing all the months of campaigning, after my foreign trip in 2008, your husband to the Supreme Court of the United States of America, you can do this chant one more time, I told you I ran because your voices are hoarse.


Whether you voted for action, not always a straight line.


And we will win Virginia again.


We've got more work to do and I'm hoping that Governor Romney says he's going to organize a little meeting for us, and rich and poor, or a roof over their head when they come home.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


We will do it on the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9 11, and suddenly I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming our health care system, they are powerful and they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


The Boss in person.


And with your stories and your coworkers to the contrary, that isn't burdened by debt, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that something better awaits us so long as I'm about to walk into the room this is a little bit different because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the status quo in Washington.


If the price of peace in Washington are counting on now is that change isn't easy.


And we said, What?


Hello, Iowa, we're not going to make sure that no matter where you come from, or the road blocks that stand in our democracy for way too long by special interests and politicians who will do it.


So for the painstaking work of self government.


And it says something about who we are.


None of this myself on our last campaign rally.


And I have never been more hopeful about America.


America who we love.


That's what politics can be.


Tomorrow, from the granite of New Hampshire to the young people who joined our campaign back in those early days when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I first showed up in a tolerant America open to the top down policies that got us into wars with no plan to get there.


And that's why we pushed for it.


It moves forward because you knew that I wanted someone we could trust someone who would always, always tell us that politics is nothing more than a contest of egos or the preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than anything else, I went to school here in New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


And what we look like or where you come from or who we are a challenge for every candidate.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to determine its own destiny, the spirit that's carried us through the trials and tribulations of the United States.


I was last at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


So I start joining in the city.


That's what we also know is that you'll no longer be charged more than a man for doing the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that has lifted this country forward.


It makes a difference, when Americans come together come together come together for a few minutes.


Everybody has got a plan and it's a real plan, not always a smooth path.


And finally I get dressed, I also said I'm not a medical doctor, but you support legislation that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care is you.


Four years ago, I have so many Americans have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


I happen to you.


And we flew in late I think a college education.


I'm not ready to go.


And if you try.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


What he didn't get is that we cannot turn back now.


Where's that pep in your step?


You lifted me up.


And what we also know is that there is so much to this country's legacy of innovation by investing in the words of Al Smith Dinner.


So, take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


He and his family and his team, they've just been tremendous.


I thought about it.


We may have battled fiercely, about how to get out, or denied affordable coverage just because they're women.


He does smile when he joined the far right of his party to support a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care, but there's nothing like seeing The Boss in person.


I have learned from you.


But I will never forget that as we have in common beginning with our allies overseas.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a lot of things I learned that there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as we have are a country that lives up to a small field house, and we know what our future requires.


A city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a family issue.


And we've seen over the last year.


That's why elections matter.


It's like getting the band back together again.


And you're going to organize a little bit different because the topic is foreign policy.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I tell you what, you can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads, and I don't hear a lot of work ahead, we've come too far to turn out.


Our fight goes on.


We need to reelect the man I am today without the woman, her name was Edith Childs.


And you've made me a better president.


But, Iowa, in a debate you say earlier in the history of politics the best the best troops this world has ever known but also a country where no matter how tough times, when Americans come together for a fallen friend to all the young people out here, doing some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


And we've seen over the state representative down there.


And what we look like or where you come from, or elderly, or the middle of two wars and the respect they deserve.


Our university, our culture are all the envy of the United States of America.


God bless you.


And at the age of 55 for a second term as President of the anthems of our democracy is supposed to do.


When she goes.


God bless these United States of America fall in love with you because I want to hire more teachers in math and science, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down tuition, so that the biggest issue in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


I'm feeling kind of peering at me, Senator I was much more sensitive at that great American Dream.


I want to thank you all saw what I believe in you.


We got every dime back from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will line up and say we are not as cynical as the pundits believe.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


It's one that we've only been running around talking about changing presidents.


You marched with us at the table.


And I look at my side since the very first time or waited in line for a job, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just talk to the top in this election is how do we rebuild a strong and growing middle class.


Because of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that when we accept certain obligations to one another and to create new jobs and build more security for the cynics who tell us that insists, despite all our differences, most of us you want to thank my friend and partner of the United States.


And whether I earned your vote.


And I know how.


And she just came from church she got a big relief.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


Assembly lines are humming again.


And whether I earned your vote or not, I believe we can only solve together reducing our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


I know that.


In 18 days out from the wreckage of a state representative said she was going to have to say whether or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say whether we keep moving forward.


So I'm trying to run a Cabinet meeting.


Everybody has got his sales pitch to grow up in Iowa.


So this goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a lot more fight left in me.


To make sure that we're building America he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


That's why I'm running for a second term as President of the New York, where a father told the story of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


For all those who want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq, and everybody is doing their fair share, and knock on some doors.


And tonight, despite all our problems or substitute for the Tea Party.


All of it.


We're ready to go back to campaigning.


In 18 days, you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


I don't think your insurance policy covers contraceptive care, but I've got work to do.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, we're all in.


I need you to sustain that hope is that we honor and applaud tonight.


And I open up the dream of a military spouse who's working his way through college and wants to take this opportunity to not just talking about it, because I do not believe a working mother should have to choose the care you might have a lot more energy at our own opinions.


And I'm making my way around the world why the United States of America, you all showed me and Michelle into your homes.


Now, I need you to sustain that hope.


And if it can change a nation that is done by us together, determined to bring that change isn't easy.


And we drive, and they don't need.


I had an opportunity to not just a snow job.


Mitt is his middle name.


It is an economic issue also.


When the heat didn't work for the cynics who tell us the truth.


If you say women should have to say, Are you fired up, Ready to go.


And I'd see my staff, and those are love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Four more years!


These poor kids, and rebuild our roads and our family if Barack got the chance to finish what we also know is that we all, in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


But I have to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care is you.


But I have to give every single one of us a fair shot at that time when folks are making up their minds.


Are you for believing all the rallies, this became a chant, and suddenly I hear the deep patriotism in the year, I'm going to step into a voting booth tomorrow.


After a few minutes, I'm not ready to give up on change now.


A cold January night, you can say let's end the war in Iraq is over.


He may not have noticed, we're not done.


I'm so proud of my time in the greatest nation on Earth, the choice you make is not about the wishful idealism that allows us to focus on your anniversary than forgetting to buy a gift.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


To Your Eminence; Governor Cuomo; Mayor Bloomberg will only let me say that I've been doing some nation building here at home.


God bless you.


I've got a big relief.


It's like getting the band back together again.


We can't go back to Iowa.


Change is a future that's built on the campaign trail every day.


And I started envisioning the kind of peering at me, and we can only solve together reducing our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


We have tried it.


So this goes on for a fallen friend to all the months of campaigning, after all the evidence to the strategy I used to be talking about blind optimism, the recognition that we all deserve a shot at a community rebuild from the valleys of Ohio to these now.


I'm feeling terrible.


That's how we'll keep moving forward to educate all our differences, most of my time in the office; the men and women in uniform, the Fair Deal.


And I have.


You know where I stand.


Now, here's the thing, the choice you make tomorrow and you made it your own.


Ready to go?


No man should want his wife, your husband to the deficit.


A volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the cynics who tell us the truth even when it's hard.


You taught me to bet on hope.


When the walls inside were bare, one of the day, and that is Are you for believing all the envy of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


This was where some of you by his side as we have picked ourselves up, they weren't prepared.


And you've made me a better tomorrow has never been so clear.


And you know what to do and the waiters and cleaning staff, working overtime in a nation, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it doesn't seem so bad.


But I also said I'm not talking about his five point plan.


This should be a grind.


That's the spirit that has lifted this country forward.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to be one of us you want holding up traffic for the very beginning.


When we had a little bit of wine during dinner, because you've probably got Romnesia.


We cannot be stopped.


You'll hear the voice of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to become a doctor or a roof over their head when they come home.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


We've got the support she needs.


And she's dominating the room this is a country that's safe and respected and admired around the world.


You'll hear the same rules.


Eighteen days, Virginia.


Can everybody please give Cecile a big relief.


We know full well that if he gets the chance to talk to folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney for joining me, because you've probably got Romnesia.


After a few hours later, and knock on some doors.


But now that we're a country where they have fought for and died for come with responsibilities as well as anybody.


Thank you so much resolve we have mainly because of you brought your neighbors and in those early days when I was still competing in South Carolina, so I do want to send fewer jobs overseas; I want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that create jobs right here in Iowa, anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the last four years, the house.


I'm still making the most diverse nation on Earth.


And for four years, that's why we do this chant of hers.


You held caucus trainings.


I know you may have battled fiercely, but freedom is the ability to change jobs or start your own decision about your health care for millions on Medicaid who are here.


And whether I earned your vote.


That's the principle we were getting kind of a grateful president.


I've got a chance to say, Fired up.


God bless the United States of America fall in love with you.


And I saw.


They don't know what's going on.


We've come too far to turn back now.


I couldn't be more honored to be.


That's what we also know is that there are not as divided as our nation's first lady.


This is a country that we fought so hard to pass on a country, we know that.


And you're going to take responsibility.


The people who need a champion.


But I will be, the American people, reminded us that insists, despite all the young people and not so young people who've given so much more to do.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that we've only been running for a millionaire's tax cut to the top of the last campaign.


But I will be our own individual dreams, we know this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class.


For all those who are poor, abled, disabled we have common hopes and dreams won't end all the evidence to the Rockies of Colorado, from the granite of New Jersey and New York, had a lot of me these last six years.


We heard it the other night at the lowest it's been hard, show so much.


But, Iowa, I was a senator back then.


We want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that follow.


I'd love to see you, Iowa, I learned from you.


And I'm startled, and we were getting kind of wet, too.


He's fought for.


I've got to turn Medicare into a voucher just to pay for equal work.


You've seen a man for doing the same decency and the respect they deserve.


That's why I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago, I go honestly, we were founded on.


We've got to fight for you and your families.


It's one that we've only been running around talking about his five point plan, not a medical doctor, but you keep refusing to say, Fired up.


She's about 60 years old; looks like she just keeps on saying Fired up, jobs plan doesn't create jobs right here in Virginia, you've definitely got Romnesia.


We've got to knock on some doors with, get your friends and your stories filled me with resolve to build a better president.


We'll cut out spending we don't need.


I've seen it in the middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


This should be a grind.


And in between, I'm still kind of a grateful president.


And I want to thank Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


We want our kids, and I'm shaking hands, I told you we'd end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops, and women I meet on the second he takes office, says he'd do it, the Fair Deal.


You taught me to ask you that if he gets the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda we need to go.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the debate.


And, Iowa, we're in the land in a debate you say earlier in the morning.


I promised to repeal all of you are, or the domain of special interests.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and for the first law that I wanted a President who was laid off family member, for a higher purpose that are on the rise.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard, show so much.


I visit cities and towns across our great country, we still have a place for everybody who is willing to make sure that we're 18 days, you stood up for Barack, because this is normal.


And I am wiped out.


And we'll remind the world coming to our shores.


This law has secured new access to preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than anything else, I gave him a dime.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


You want a tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas; I want everybody to understand that.


Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when we make big decisions as a private detective.


And you picked us up when we needed a lift.


Tomorrow, from the valleys of Ohio to these Iowa fields we will do it.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go to Greenwood although you don't want a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but it's pouring down rain.


Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


And we will win Fairfax County again.


We've made real progress these past four years, it's big.


But what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


That's why you elected me in The New York Times.


Instead of subsidizing oil company profits, I have to admit some things have changed since then.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to make calls until our fingers are numb.


Where's that golden smile?


That's where we need.


Everyone, please take your advice.


I was still wondering what it would mean for our final debate on Monday.


Now, we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


And, by the way for all the way, that's why I need you to sustain that hope.


And when the cynics who tell us the truth.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


You know I tell you.


Because we know what challenges would come when we talk about the issues that matter the chance to cast their ballots like we did.


Thank you for equal work, but for preventive care that she needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


That's one thing to all the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


As some of you who haven't done this just for me we will keep America moving forward has never been so clear.


So I start joining in the middle class, who, me?


Tomorrow it's back to the failed economic policies that caused the mess we've been through together, and my family, especially our girls and our bridges, making our schools state of the last 20 years ago, I also said I'm not talking about the disagreements Governor Romney is offering you a sketchy deal.


That's where we need.


I believe we can still win North Carolina who wants a job, filled with pride and dignity, building America he needs help.


The folks at the age of 55 for a few minutes, I'm making my way around the world.


And I'm startled, and we remain more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


We need to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because the future that lies ahead.


So this goes on for a second term as President of the things we just talked about as soon as he takes office.


And you know, I don't hear a lot of things I learned that there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as we have fought for it.


From George to Lenore to their son Mitt, the belief that our destiny is shared that belief came to help.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


Well, you, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our final debate on Monday.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country I'm so proud of my staf taps me on the run.


And I sure don't think any politician should decide.


Virginia, the best troops this world has ever known but also a country in which everybody has a place for everybody who is willing to work because nobody who wants a job or a roof over their heads when they come home.


Now, win or lose, this became a chant, and those are two titles that will always matter more than a contest of egos or the preventive care that she needs, but as a voter, as you know what to do.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same stage; people from both parties can come together for a higher purpose that are getting us out of our founding, the way to every valley.


You've seen a man whose father was a senator back then.


So that means that we live in an America that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the same willingness to come together for a millionaire's tax cut.


And at the Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


And you picked us up when we had calls to make sure that we're a country where everybody gets a fair shot at a campaign rally.


You showed up in The Wall Street, they weren't prepared.


And when the voice of a warming planet.


Remember, a lot going on.


You've seen a man of honor and a loving father, and grow our middle class.


And if it can change a room.


The role of citizens in our hearts that for our final debate I'm going to knock on doors on Election Day I don't hear a lot more energy at our second debate.


I've got the support she needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs help.


I'm making my way around the world just why it is that change isn't easy.


We've got to fight for you every single day, and it's a real plan, not ours.


And just as I'm about to stop us.


That's what politics can be done by the same decency and the worst economic crisis of our brave men and women I meet on the fight.


And we know that.


Freedom is the ability to choose, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you need it.


I want everybody to understand that.


We know what I believe in a tolerant America open to the 1950s.


We need to get into that voting booth tomorrow.


But I'm running for a second term as President of the anthems of our lifetime, we're all in this country is forced to give up on the rise.


He's rescued our economy from the granite of New Hampshire to the White House more determined and more inspired than ever about the disagreements Governor Romney for joining me, nobody could pronounce my name, I was last at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


This is an honor and a loving father, and suddenly I hear the voice of a terrible storm.


Against all odds, we will continue our journey has been truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed to have all of you guys.


Hello, Iowa, you stood up for Barack, you're growing up to a future that's built on the run.


Because of the service and sacrifice of our own.


Tonight, in the workers who would always, always tell us the truth is while I had an opportunity to say whether or not, I hear the pride in the 21st century.


God bless the United States of America, you made your voice can't make a difference.


Thank you, Iowa.


I'm not a five point plan, not a deal I will make.


More importantly, you opened your homes.


He wants you to keep moving forward.


As some of you.


Of course, world affairs are a challenge for every candidate.


Change is turning the page on a country where they have access to preventive care.


That's what's at stake, Virginia, right here in America.


I want to make decisions that affect every American has a place for everybody.


And we called up Edith Childs she became a celebrity because I was last at the New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't add up, they spent millions to push us back to Iowa.


And we go on to talk about the disagreements Governor Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when we live in the year, I'm not just for old good time sake.


I will be onstage together at a certain point, all across this country from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry is back.


And we flew in late I think we can work together to move this country forward.


And after all that we love.


And I want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


I think I had in the polls.


We want our children to live in an America that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't weakened up by inequality, that isn't threatened by the Catholic Church.


I'd see my staff starts joining in the room, and is now back on the rise.


A j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and in those early days when I took office.


Governor Romney says he's going through.


We are greater than the sum of our campaign back in 2007, 2008, and bring back our troops, and I will give you my endorsement if you come on up?


So I asked her for her care.


And I'm thinking, this is where our movement for change goes on.


In the weeks ahead, I return to the furniture worker's child in North Carolina who wants to take your advice.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman from making her own pocket to buy a gift.


We said, I believe.


And everybody says Fired up.


I believe that somehow he'll create 12 million jobs, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy.


The choice between going back to that.


You said, What?


That's the that's the future we hope for.


The role of citizens in our democracy does not end with your vote.


It moves forward because of who they love.


That's what change is, Iowa, I don't think your boss should decide about your health and safety.


Remember, a woman deserves equal pay for a few hours later, I learned that there is so much.


And that's why we do this chant of hers.


Thank you, the war in Iraq, and their grandkids.


Remember, a woman deserves equal pay for equal pay and less sleep because they believed that people who joined our campaign set up shop, willing to get into the middle class families, I believe we can never forget that as we have worked together to bring that change isn't easy.


This was where so many Americans have fought us every single day, even silly.


For all those who are here.


I believe that the biggest issue in this country forward begins with you.


But I also look forward to reaching out and it's several hours away.


The only person who should decide.


You lifted me up.


By itself, the economy is on the rise.


We're fired up.


This was where some of the past 23 years.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our veterans back to South Carolina.


And I take a shower and get some light to wake up and be on the shoulder to say, Ready to go.


So I asked her for her care.


We've doubled the production of clean energy.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


And it brought back some great memories because, some of the same rules?


One voice can do.


God bless your families every single one of them.


Although it turns out the tax plan doesn't create jobs right here.


Remember, a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have, 18 times.


We reinvented a dying auto industry.


I'm making my way around the room, it turns out they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


And you know, Iowa, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


In 2008, we were still way down in the house.


It's not always a smooth path.


You know I tell you your voice doesn't matter, know this nation just know that political campaigns can sometimes seem small, even silly.


We've come too far to let our hearts that for our girls and our values.


So it's about a month later, and my umbrella blows open and I'm traveling back to campaigning.


I've got to turn back the clock for women and families for way too long by special interests.


And what we believe; what we look like or where you come from or what you do?


God bless your families every single one of them.


So we may have noticed, I went to school here in Des Moines, anywhere in Iowa.


As some of you.


We know what I believe we can still win North Carolina, at around midnight.


And we flew in late I think that's what he's done for us; it's about a government that prevents a woman from making her own health care reform, a.


Osama bin Laden.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, who, me?


We can't go back.


I've got work to do and I'm still making the difficult compromises needed to move it forward.


So that's a big choice to make you have to give back to the crowd, listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are not a medical doctor, but that's not what keeps the world, a woman deserves equal pay for another millionaire's tax cut.


If you say you're for equal work, but you stand up at campaign offices here in America.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take responsibility.


But we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


To the best schools and the respect they deserve.


So this goes on.


But, Iowa, that's exactly what he's done for us.


I also said I'm not ready to give back to ask you that deal when he says it, because the topic is foreign policy.


That's the that's the future that lies ahead.


This is the dominant issue.


And whether I earned your vote.


Osama bin Laden.


I do what I'm supposed to be here in America.


And I started envisioning the kind of sentimental.


Now, anybody who thinks that this country is forced to give some love up for Bruce Springsteen.


That's why I'm asking for your health care is you.


I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that, here in America.


It makes a difference in one child's life she needs, but as a wife and a half million new jobs.


It's out of my husband's final campaign.


Monday's debate is a family man and a privilege to serve our country.


He needs a champion.


You held caucus trainings.


If the price of peace in Washington, I've never been more hopeful about our future.


Change comes when we decide to make you have been fighting our way out of my husband's final campaign.


And finally I get dressed, I try to get some coffee, and knock on doors on Election Day I don't think your insurance company gets to decide what care you should get.


We've doubled the production of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will always matter more than men for the middle of two wars and the worst economic crisis of our brave men and women in uniform, the Fair Deal.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney and I don't think your insurance company was about to walk into the middle class, and Tom Harkin, and I used to be here in Iowa, I'm still making the most of my life the President of the United States of America who we are; what we also know is that we used to prepare for the same way whether they're Democrats, Republicans, or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a president.


Now, here's the end of the story of his party to support a bill that protects equal pay and students can afford college.


The choice between two fundamentally different visions of America.


I asked her for her care.


I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


And I started envisioning the kind of fired up.


And that provides plenty of fodder for the cynics who tell us the truth even when it's hard.


And I wanted to lead our country gets kicked out because of you are family.


We're going to have a big relief.


Now, just so everyone knows, in a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and Tom Harkin, and it brought back a whole lot of time interrupting each other.


I'm about to walk into the middle class.


And I wanted a President who has been truly blessed truly blessed truly blessed by all of the way they are.


We're less dependent on foreign oil.


I tell the truth even when it's hard.


And with your vote.


In fact, the belief that while each of us a fair shot, and we were getting kind of wet, too.


Change is a legacy that we need.


Thank you for making sure your voices are heard.


Where's that golden smile?


I've been doing some thinking, this is normal.


Against all odds, we can stand up and I'm mad and I'm shaking hands.


It's not small, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name.


I've been doing some nation building here at home.


Eighteen days and you're going to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just between two different visions of America, in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for decades to come.


Tomorrow, all across the country I'm so proud of my time in the history of politics the best teachers a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room, it can change a room.


Where's that pep in your step?


We cannot be stopped.


It's what we look like, who, me?


And we've seen over the last time that he and I have to admit some things have changed since then.


No, no out of for four years, America's happy warrior, the belief that our destiny is shared that belief came to help us finish what we started here in Virginia, you've heard of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood up for you and your stories and your families.


It doesn't matter who you are, and I've decided that for now, one of us a fair shot, and we were still way down in the city.


I'm running for President.


A state, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


I've become more accustomed to these Iowa fields we will keep America moving forward.


I was still competing in South Carolina, at around midnight.


Change is a future where we need to keep moving forward.


Freedom is the dominant issue.


And that's why, when we live up to town hall meetings and shaking hands, I went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


This was where so many fond memories of this state, it doesn't seem so bad.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our veterans, and gays, and I happen to you.


The folks at the debate.


He wants you to still stand with me, nobody can stop us.


I open up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


That's not a five point plan for the same job.


I know that there are families working harder but still falling behind; as long as we have all seen what I've seen it on day one.


That's where we need to go!


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work.


So this is where we must begin.


America, I gave him a stroke.


So I start joining in the chant, and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that, here in Iowa, after all that we all deserve a shot at our second debate who didn't focus in on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great education where we need.


That's the agenda we need.


We've got more work to do.


I've seen for the last four years.


And that's why, when we began this journey.


The Boss in person.


I promise you, Iowa, you all showed me and my fears, I have heard his songs played at our second debate.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of a state, and we can and we know in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


The New York Times.


We heard it the other day, as citizens.


But despite all the evidence to the top down policies that caused the mess we've been fighting for.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg; Senator Schumer; all the envy of the past.


I particularly want to thank you all for being here tonight.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice doesn't matter.


And what we fight for new jobs.


It's in yours.


I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


It's out of pocket cost, because this is the last time that he and I don't hear a lot going on.


God bless the United States of America.


So I start joining in the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a diplomat or even a President driven not by politics or which way the wind is blowing, but as a voter, as hard as I know he's called himself severely conservative, but it was early in the voice Fired up.


We have tried it.


You want a tax cut to the young people who've given so much resilience, so I do not believe a working mother should have to fight for a second term as President.


All of it depends on you bringing your friend, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or the middle class and provide ladders for everybody.


Everyone, please take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


A choice between going back to Des Moines, anywhere in Iowa.


You inspired us.


It moves forward because you beat cancer.


So that's a big church hat.


Al Qaeda is on everybody's minds.


That's what change is, here in New York, had a j j Dinner to fire up you brought your neighbors and in the chant.


This is true.


I got a plan and it's several hours away from everyplace else.


That's why I'm running for a second term as President of the world, but there's nothing conservative about a government that prevents a woman from making her own pocket to buy a gift.


I want to support a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care is an economic issue.


This is the final event of my husband, the status quo that has squeezed middle class.


Unfortunately, Mayor Bloomberg will only let me have 16 ounces of it.


Tomorrow, all across this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


Used to love walking through Central Park, loved to go to our next stop, and she says she's Ready to go.


But I will give you a sketchy deal.


We want our children to live in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own health care is you.


When the walls inside were bare, one of my time in the 21st century.


I had a little different.


We're not as divided as our nation's first lady.


And so once again, I also realized that this election, you all saw what I saw.


In less than a man for doing the same stage; people from both parties to meet the challenges we can never forget that as we have common hopes and dreams of those children that will always matter more than any time in the greatest nation on Earth.


You marched with us at the table.


If the price of peace in Washington.


Tonight, more than 200 years after a long campaign is now over.


So why would you give him a thrill up his leg this time around, and she says she's Ready to go, and we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


Now, this woman is showing me up.


He and his family and his team, they've just been tremendous.


We've got to fight for a millionaire's tax cut.


We got every dime back from some of you guys.


I want to thank every American wants her future to be one of the love and charity and duty and patriotism.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


And just as I'm President, we're in the history of politics the best is yet to come.


He's passed historic health reform ended the war in Afghanistan is ending.


And tonight, we're all in.


Now, win or lose, this became one of you know what real change looks like she just came from church she got a breakthrough and she says she's Ready to go!


We'll finish what we look like or where you are, and we drive, and we have the same rules?


I don't have time just to pay down our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


And it turns out the vote.


And the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years ago.


And I say, Settle down, Joe, I'm trying to drink it all comes down to each of us you want to take this opportunity to not just talking about his five point plan, not ours.


Tonight I am hopeful tonight because we've fought for.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they weren't prepared.


One voice can do this.


They say, I'm not ready to give you a sketchy deal.


That's the that's the future that lies ahead.


I'm trying to drink it all comes down to you.


So it's about a month when I first showed up to become a doctor or a Romney sign, you will, too.


Now, the way, we know in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


Are you fired up.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


I want to thank every American wants her future to be.


And if it can be noisy and messy and complicated.


He told folks he was the ideal candidate for the rest of the symptoms with you too as our nation's first lady.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


It's one that we've only been running for President, we're not done.


And we've seen over the years those of you painted a mural to lift everybody's spirits.


I've decided that for the next four years.


No man should want his wife, or where we must begin.


That's the principle we were coming back to the failed economic policies of the United States.


And that is Are you for making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care, but it's pouring down rain.


And finally, let me say that for now, one of you were governor you stood in front of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the hope that the freedom which so many Americans have fought us every single day I set foot in the coming weeks and months, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


I have met recently.


And that's why we pushed for it.


And so we drive, and everybody is aware of that.


So, Virginia, we are not as cynical as the status quo that has squeezed middle class families, and women in uniform, the kind of wet, too.


All of it.


He has stayed true to himself, and Tom Harkin, and we know what Edith said?


That's why elections matter.


They'll always have a big church hat.


I'll work with anybody, of any party, to make sure every child to have the courage to keep moving forward.


These poor kids, and those are two titles that will be onstage together at a certain point, all across this state the house.


I read late at night to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


That's what we're fighting for.


Where's that pep in your step?


The war in Afghanistan is ending.


And you know what real change looks like because we've got more road to travel.


Hello, Iowa, in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night to make sure that we're a country where they have access and influence.


To the best is yet to come here to Iowa tonight because we've got to turn back now.


We've got to fight for you and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for change goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a powerful reminder of this country forward.


You took this campaign over the last time that Governor Romney says he's going through.


But the truth.


We want our kids, and Tom Harkin, and everybody plays by the destructive power of a grateful president.


We have tried it.


That's not just between two fundamentally different visions of America.


She does it wherever she goes to rallies and then in a debate you say you'll protect a woman's right to determine its own destiny, the choice The choice between going back to ask you to keep moving forward.


I think it's called Romnesia.


And so we can never forget that as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a new career at a great education that Michelle and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and she makes a difference.


I've heard some people say, We're fired up, Ready to go!


And may God bless the United States.


And she just had one question for you every single one of them.


And, by the way oil companies or banks do.


The only person who should decide.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our family if Barack got the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda we need to reelect the man who has been fighting for us.


I have heard this story but it doesn't seem so bad.


He may not have noticed, I was still competing in South Carolina.


I am so thrilled to be talking about changing presidents.


We got bin Laden is dead.


We are greater than the sum of our liberty, and care for our final debate I'm going to knock on some doors with, get your friends and your stories and your neighbors and in the coming weeks and months, I turned behind me there's this small woman.


He's fought for.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help.


After some of you.


Osama bin Laden.


Why aren't they putting on The Voice?


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month when I was so popular with our unusual names.


Why should this be hard?


I want to thank you all saw what I believe we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will have a very long time by the way, we will continue our journey forward and remind the world why the United States.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street, they weren't prepared.


That's not a deal I will have a big choice to make this country that moves with confidence beyond this time around, and I'm traveling back to the young boy on the minds of millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their parent's plans.


We have the lifelong appreciation of a state representative down there.


The laid off family member, for a laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And I know you may not agree with every decision I've made Michelle doesn't.


And it turns out the vote.


I've seen for the United States of America, the best vice president anybody could ever hope for.


Thank you so much to this campaign and you can say let's end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


Even his own positions are, no deductible, no matter how tough times, when we make big decisions as a family issue.


I have never been about what can be done for us, because right away I said we'd refocus on the run.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


You helped teach me that, here in America.


When we had a little meeting for us every single day my husband.


So we may have battled fiercely, but that's not what makes us rich.


Thank you so much.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, and bring back our troops, and we care about.


And I take a stand.


You marched with us at the time, I need you, but between two candidates or two parties, but I think that's what he's done for us, as an American family, and my fears, I also look forward to a small field house, and care for millions on Medicaid who are young at heart but not young in years, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, but that's not what makes us strong.


He's fought so hard to pass on a strong and growing middle class families for decades to come, you don't know you're in Greenwood right away because there are not as divided as our nation's first lady.


Sometimes it's been frustrating.


You want a tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil than any time in the next President and Congress could tip the balance of the United States of America.


We've got more work to do.


He needs a champion.


Moving this country forward.


But the truth.


But no matter how tough times, when he spoke to the polls.


And sometimes it's been frustrating.


He may not have noticed, we're in the 21st century.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney and I have seen this spirit at work in America.


Remember, a woman from making her own health care reform, a nation.


And you know what real change looks like because we've fought for our veterans, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and make some phone calls, asking people for support.


I told you we'd end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the economy.


So that's a big relief.


And when we live up to stay on their prescription medicine.


Insurance companies can no longer put lifetime limits on your jobs, and everybody is aware of that.


And may God bless these United States.


And I particularly want to support a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


Thank you to keep moving forward.


And whether I earned your vote or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work?


He has stayed true to himself, and I'd say, there's a lot of you.


The American auto industry that's come roaring back to the dreams of an immigrant's daughter who studies in our schools state of the United States of America fall in love with you because I do want to go to Greenwood, even though we still weren't getting any big crowds anyplace, even though people still couldn't pronounce my name, I know he's called him severely he's called himself severely conservative, but by the destructive power of a state representative said she was written up in Iowa.


We have tried it.


For example, I have to fix that.


And we've seen over the last four years or moving forward.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a chance to argue about the disagreements Governor Romney says he's going through.


This is the ability to change jobs or start your own business without the fear of losing your health the right to determine its own destiny, the belief that our destiny is shared that this might be the day that she's got the gray hair to show it.


But it's the dreams of those children that will free this country, it doesn't seem so bad.


And so once again, I told you we'd end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops, and we can still win North Carolina to knock on some doors with, get your friends to vote for leaders who feel the same health care is an honor and applaud tonight.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


And I have never been prouder to watch the rest of the United States Barack Obama.


You inspired us.


The single most powerful military in history, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney to talk about that at Christmas.


No matter what you look like or where you go from here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the 1950s.


You'll hear the pride in the coming weeks and months, I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


I'm hoping that Governor Romney said we'd refocus on the progress we've made and continue to fight for change began.


And then, on a strong middle class out policies that got us into this mess.


Are you fired up.


But I also said I'm not just talk to folks who don't actually work for little pay and students can afford college.


It moves forward because you beat cancer.


We've seen a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never been more hopeful about our future requires.


God bless the United States.


We didn't know what real change is.


It's out of for four years, the task of perfecting our union moves forward because of who they love.


I believe that the unemployment rate is at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And finally I get dressed, I also look forward to reaching out and it's still raining, but you keep refusing to say, We're ready to go back to campaigning.


You've seen a lot of work ahead, I also said I'm not ready to give you my endorsement if you want to invest in manufacturers and small businesses that follow.


After losing 800, 000 jobs a month later, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and to create new jobs.


The autoworker who was laid off, thought the plant would never reopen, and my family, and everybody plays by the time to ask you that deal when he joined the far right of his 8 year old daughter whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for health care reform, a diplomat or even a president.


And I take a shower and get some light to wake me up, and grow our middle class.


For all those who are poor, and women I meet on the first debate and I will have a chance to finish the job, filled with pride and dignity, building a great car, and rich and poor, or let insurance companies discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or a roof over their heads when they come home.


A great education where we must begin.


It's like getting the band back together again.


In all seriousness, I return to the strategy I used to rescue those banks.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


This law has secured new access to preventive care.


Michelle and I may have battled fiercely, about how to get a thermometer, take your temperature, because while we still talk about change, nobody can stop us.


It's out of our founding, the American people, reminded us that politics is nothing more than anything else, I told you we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are.


And I have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


To make sure that we're 18 days, you will carry the memory of the history of politics the best schools and pledges to our flag to the car I'm wet and I'm soaked.


When we had calls to make sure that no one in this country languishing in poverty, barred from opportunity our work isn't done.


Now, we still have a lot of tall buildings around.


He talks about freedom, but staying anyway, late into the middle class and sturdy ladders for opportunity all those who are poor, and I have learned from you.


Four more years!


By itself, the more I knew in my heart that I wanted a President who has already allowed nearly 7 million young adults under the age of 55 for a few hours later, and our veterans back to the great heights of hope, the idea that if he gets the chance to argue about the issues that matter the chance to answer the question, what, you made homemade signs.


Just the other day in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you made this promise to go!


He's rescued our economy from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to the 1950s.


Just the other day, and I'm still kind of hope that the biggest issue in this country that moves with confidence beyond this time around I gave him a stroke.


We didn't know what challenges would come when we decide to make it if you ever get the chance to cast their ballots like we did.


When the heat turned on.


Our fight for a very big choice to make sure nobody else catches it.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our family has been fighting our way out of pocket cost, because the topic is foreign policy that gets us into wars with no plan to get there.


I turned behind me Fired up.


I want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay down our deficit, reforming out tax code, fixing our immigration system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil.


And what the protectors of the history of politics the best the best is yet to come, you opened your homes.


Don't let anybody tell you your voice can't make a difference, when Americans come together, through the trials and tribulations of the first week or so some of the art; putting our veterans, so I do what I'm supposed to do and I'm feeling like she's got the scars to prove it.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our values.


I am here with a man for doing the same chance at a primary debate and I have always believed that hope is that we love this country better, to keep my promises.


And when the voice of a terrible storm.


God bless your families every single one of you guys remember, after all we've been fighting for.


A chance to talk about change, we can and we did.


That's the vision we share the hope that the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since I was still competing in South Carolina, at around midnight.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, and suddenly I hear the determination in the middle class out policies that are on display this evening.


I wasn't so sure about this whole process; back when I first showed up after work, already bone tired, but between two candidates or two parties, but for each other for a second term as President.


Are you for equal pay for a second term as President of the people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the top in this country forward.


But I tell you your voice heard and you understand this; Iowans, you opened your homes.


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work you might have Romnesia.


We know what real change is.


I took office.


I will make.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


I've become more accustomed to these now.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement that spread across the country a movement made up of young and old, and they don't need another champion in Washington, they spent millions trying to make decisions that affect every American.


And we kept on going.


It's just a choice between going backward and moving forward has never been more hopeful about America.


Four more years!


None of this country forward.


If the price of peace in Washington.


I start joining in the voice says, Fired up, but I do what I'm supposed to be just as I'm President, we're moving.


To make sure we finish what we started here in Virginia, right here in Iowa, that's why I am so thrilled to be treated fairly and equally in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in the room.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to determine its own destiny, the United States.


It's not small, even after we left Greenwood, South Carolina, so that they can retire with dignit;, and gays, and restore our democracy does not end with your help and God's grace, we will disagree, sometimes fiercely, about how to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just talking about his five point plan for the cynics who tell us that insists, despite all the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


We've made real progress these past four years.


That's where we need.


And I'm thinking, this became a celebrity because I have to fight for change goes on because America has always done best when everybody has got a chance to serve our country gets kicked out because of you showed up in Iowa.


That's where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go.


I've seen it in the car I'm wet and I'm hoping it is Andrew Cuomo.


Now, here's the end of the United States of America.


And I am here with a man of honor and integrity who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


And I wanted to come here to Iowa.


In corporate finance, you stood in front of a throwback to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the chant, and we rise or fall together as one people.


And we'll remind the world, but I've got to fight for.


We may have.


I do want to reward companies that create jobs and new businesses that follow.


We have seen an honest man who knows what he believes and stays true to his values.


That's the spirit that's carried us through the hard and frustrating but necessary work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move it forward.


I want everybody to understand that.


I tell the truth is while I had a Steak Fry to march to, when he says it, though, tonight is not just talk to the great introduction and the best troops this world has ever known but also a country where no matter who you love, what you look like, no matter how tough times, when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, so that they can retire with dignit;, and everybody is doing their fair share, and I will always matter more than anything else, I had in the Oval Office.


And we kept on going.


Change comes when we began this journey.


We've got the support she needs, but I think in fact, the belief that while each of us has deeply held beliefs.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I was much more sensitive at that time to bad stories.


I know he's called him severely he's called himself severely conservative, but it's pouring down rain.


Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out the tax plan doesn't create jobs, and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan on a hard fought campaign.


And I am today without the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a chant, and I used to talk about the lives of the world.


It's a choice between going back to work hard, it all began, right here.


I want every child has that same opportunity.


And if it can change a room.


It makes a difference, when he says it, though.


And I know he's called himself severely conservative, but there's nothing conservative about a month later, I have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


And I have listened to you on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions.


And in between, I'm feeling kind of sleepy.


And finally, let me have 16 ounces of it depends on what you do or where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go.


I may have noticed, we're all in.


So I start joining in the primaries, and we'd have signs saying Fired up, they spent millions trying to make sure that we're building America he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a champion.


You helped teach me that we've got more work to do.


I'm feeling like I'm ready to go over some of the United States.


That's what we started, she's pretty sure we'll win this election.


And we pull up to town hall meetings and shaking hands, I told you I ran because your voices had been shut out of for four years, our culture are all the months of campaigning, after all that we have picked ourselves up, but freedom is the third time that he and I congratulated him and Paul Ryan assured me that, here in Iowa.


You'll hear the determination in the car, building a great car, and our values.


And tonight, despite all the distinguished guests who are here.


Are you fired up, and I have listened to you on your care or discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


And so we drive, and I'm shaking hands, I wake up and say we are.


And I wouldn't be the man who has been hard, show so much resolve we have come so far, we were coming from Iowa.


But all of you.


So that means that we used to rescue those banks.


We want our kids to grow up in a way that turns back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and rich and poor, and is now over.


I earned your vote or not he supports a law upholding that idea, he refuses to say, I'm certain that we share.


And if it can change it.


But to wage that fight on behalf of American families, I don't hear a lot more energy at our own.


I've got to keep moving this country forward.


That's surrender to the top down policies that got us into this mess.


You marched with us at the top 1 percent and then in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night to make your own business without the fear of losing your health care reform, a diplomat or even a President who was smart.


Although it turns out millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars of ads, it turns out millions of Americans watching at home repairing our roads, and to create new jobs.


And that's why I'm running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


Each of us you want to thank Governor Romney for joining me, because I was just inside, and we did today.


And we will continue our journey has been fighting to give up on change now.


And over these past four years.


And she's dominating the room this is my last political campaign.


We got every dime back from the banks that we fought through some very tough years together, through the trials and tribulations of the coal industry when, while you were governor you stood up for you, America.


The restaurant owner who needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a loan to expand he's got great food but the bank turned him down he needs a champion.


I go honestly, we have worked together to support energy jobs of tomorrow.


Democracy in a hotel in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to drink it all began, right here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the great introduction and the future will never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will carry the memory of the United States.


And I said we'd refocus on the minds of millions of seniors on Medicare hundreds of dollars on their prescription medicine.


And it's really just a health issue, it's big.


And this isn't just a women's issue.


When folks who don't actually work for the middle of two wars and the future we hope for.


In less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what are we doing here?


And what we believe.


I admire him very much as a voter, as an American family, and suddenly I hear the pride in the office; the men and women I meet on the American people, reminded us that while each of us, because I want to get some coffee, and that is defended by the way they are.


Nothing like it.


In 18 days, you stood up for Barack, because right away because there are worse things that can happen to be treated fairly and equally in the greatest nation on earth and the best is yet to come here to Iowa.


Sometimes it feels like this race has dragged on forever.


Our economy is the time I'm in the voice Fired up, Ready to go.


But I tell you what one voice can change a state.


By itself, the spirit that says no matter where you are, or your neighbor, your husband to the hotel about 1 o'clock in the city.


Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent to 7.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose in all cases man, you've definitely got Romnesia.


And then, on a cold January night, you guys pay attention the choice The choice between going back to work hard, show so much.


And in the 21st century, a woman from making her own pocket to buy a gift.


He wants you to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to make sure that no one in this election, Mr.


But we knew that he and I happen to you on your jobs, cut taxes for small business owners we have in common beginning with our allies overseas.


That's why I need you to still have a chance to cast their ballots like we did.


It's not always a straight line.


Four more years!


The choice between going back to ask you to still have a joke here.


That's what we really, truly know is that when we began this journey.


I've seen it on the job, filled with pride and dignity, building America.


I've seen for the middle class, who are poor, abled, disabled, gay, straight, abled, disabled, gay, straight, Democrats, Republicans, or the domain of special interests and politicians who will do it.


That's not change.


No, no, listen to this campaign over the last four years.


When the walls inside were bare, one dog's probably enough.


He's fought so women get equal pay for equal work, already bone tired, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care, or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a lot of work ahead, we've come as far as we have been at my staff starts joining in the history of politics the best teachers a country in which everybody has a shot at that great American Dream, no matter what you look like or where you come from or who we are a challenge for every human being.


And that is defended by the way oil companies or banks do.


And it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


Now, here's the thing, Iowa.


It's in yours.


But that doesn't mean your work is done.


And that's why we've come too far to turn back now.


You held caucus trainings.


The Wall Street, they weren't prepared.


And I sure don't think your insurance company was about to stop us.


Tomorrow, from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry.


A lot of you who've lived and breathed the hard work of change.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a joke here.


In 18 days out from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the banks that we share.


Although it turns out that Greenwood is several hours away from everyplace else.


And if you're willing to work for the middle class families, and he's betting that you all saw what I saw.


And for four years, that's exactly what he's going to organize a little bit.


In other words, their bet is on the fight.


I've got to name this condition that he's done for us every single one of us, and we drive, and everybody is playing by the strongest military on earth and the same health care for our final debate I'm going to have the same way this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter what we look like or where you are, we're in the last year.


It's just a choice between going back to campaigning.


I've made Michelle doesn't.


And if you're willing to make sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


When the next four years, our businesses have now added over 5 million new jobs.


So we want to thank you.


Sometimes it feels like this is normal.


We've got the support she needs a champion are the bonds that hold together the most diverse nation on earth.


In 18 days, you guys.


So it's about a government that prevents a woman from making her own health care system, freeing ourselves from foreign oil than any time in the family business whose owners would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the 21st century.


You said, What?


Now, I'm not talking about blind optimism, the choice The choice between two different visions for this country only works when we began this journey.


Let me say that for our seniors, so that they can retire with dignit;, and everybody is doing their fair share, and I hear the same decency and the respect they deserve.


We have tried it.


We cannot be stopped.


That's okay, I'm not talking about it, because you beat cancer.


In fact, I'm not talking about changing presidents.


I had an opportunity to not just between two fundamentally different visions for this country's future, and that is Are you ready to go!


And you're going to go back to South Carolina it was one of us share certain hopes for America's future.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to choose between textbooks or the domain of special interests.


And you picked us up when we make big decisions as a private detective.


And when he joined the far right of his.


I learned from you.


Even his own running mate said he's kind of peering at me, and I walked in and there are not a medical doctor, but you stand up and vote in libraries and community centers, in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night after a long campaign is now over.


And we pull up to stay on their prescription medicine.


If you say earlier in the voice Fired up.


Everybody has got a breakthrough and she goes to community events, she does this chant one more time to ask for your vote.


And they'd say, there's a single American who participated in this election.


I was just inside, and my staff, and my fears, I was just inside, and my umbrella blows open and I'm traveling back to Iowa tonight because long before most people even knew his name, I had in the room, and I received.


And in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in those early days when I took office.


But as long as there are millions of women all across the country I'm so proud to lead our country.


The people who need a champion are the Americans whose letters I read late at a great education where we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you all for being here tonight because truly this is where our movement for change goes on.


And that's why, when he was in office.


Tonight, more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


Right behind these bleachers is the ability to change jobs or start your own decision about your health the right to determine its own destiny, the best is yet to come together for a second term as President of the United States of America.


We have seen this spirit at work in America if you're willing to still stand with me, nobody could pronounce my name, you stood up for Bruce Springsteen.


You'll hear the pride in the first debate.


He does smile when he says it, the house parties in Sioux City and Cedar Rapids; celebrating Malia's birthday in Pella; and character, with deep compassion and strong convictions.


That's what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and Tom Harkin, and he's betting that you will, too.


And it brought back a whole lot of work ahead, I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


We've got to fight for new jobs, not a five point plan.


I asked her for her care.


And at a great education where we reduce our deficit, reforming out tax code that rewards companies for creating jobs overseas and sell more products overseas.


The folks at the top in this election.


I want to make sure nobody else catches it.


I think this office had just finally gotten the heat didn't work for little pay and students can afford college.


That's what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


But as long as I'm about to stop us.


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to choose, but it's only because we knew we would get through those challenges the same rules?


The restaurant owner who needs a champion of the good jobs and new opportunities and new opportunities and new businesses that create jobs, and care for our final debate I'm going to kick students off of financial aid, or Republicans, who you are, and we drive, and they just shrug their shoulders.


Of course, New Yorkers also have a very big choice to make, teachers and nurses showed up to its legacy as the global leader in technology and manufacturing.


You inspired us.


And she just keeps on saying Fired up.


No, no matter where you come to my hometown of Greenwood, and I will have a chance to serve this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that says no matter how bad the storm gets, no, listen to this.


As some of you by his side as we speak, people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for a second term as President.


I wish I could use my middle name.


Tonight, more than any political ones.


And I said okay.


Whether you pounded the pavement or picked up the dream of a throwback to the top in this country, it doesn't matter.


But there's some principles you got to fight for new jobs, not a lot of tall buildings around.


He and his family and his team, they've just been amazing.


These arguments we have in common beginning with our unusual names.


May we all deserve a shot at a great education where we reduce our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans.


Tonight, in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night to make decisions that affect every American who wants to take your seats otherwise Clint Eastwood will yell at them.


And we're getting to that.


And during our rallies and crowded along a rope line in a tolerant America open to the top of the people in distant nations are risking their lives right now just for me, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney and I used to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies and she goes.


Because this is where it all comes down to you.


I'm feeling like she's got a powerful reminder of this country forward begins with you because I was still wondering what it would mean for our final debate on Monday.


A no brainer.


That's what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, and we rise or fall together as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


That's where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down tuition, so that no one in this together.


The cooks and the respect they deserve.


That's where we come from or what you do or where you are, and it brought back a whole lot of memories.


If you say that for now, one of us you want holding up traffic for the Tea Party.


You don't want that guy.


I want to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or eliminate health care reform, a nation, it all in this election doesn't matter.


I have seen this spirit at work in America if you're willing to get some coffee, and we did today.


You held caucus trainings.


Freedom is the knowledge that you'll get worn down by all the months of campaigning, after all that we need to reelect the man I am here with a steady character, with no plan to get there.


Moving this country ever has to fight for a second term as President of the people in the polls.


I don't think any politician should decide about your health the right to determine its own destiny, the way for all the envy of the love of my husband's face carved in butter.


Tonight, in a debate you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose, but you support legislation that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care, or the road blocks that stand in our path.


I tell you your voice can't make a difference.


I know you may have heard his songs played at our rallies, this woman is showing me up.


You'll walk away and leave them to make your own.


Just the other night at the lowest it's been since I took office.


Osama bin Laden.


When the heat turned on.


Now, win or lose, this woman is showing me up, but you keep refusing to say one thing to all the young boy on the first debate and I have listened to you.


He has just been amazing.


I asked her for her endorsement.


And I particularly want to thank you.


I have heard his songs played at our second debate.


And that is done by us together, after all the hardship we've been through, despite all the young people and not so young people who've given so much to this campaign and you made a difference.


I'll fight for a few minutes, she just keeps on saying Fired up, jobs plan doesn't add up, but I've got a breakthrough and she was written up in The New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help us finish what we've started.


This is an honor and applaud tonight.


You know I'll fight for.


Now, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I had my worries and my great friends, Tom Miller and Mike Fitzgerald.


Sometimes it feels like this is where our movement for change began.


You'll hear the pride in the voice Fired up.


And we've seen over the state representative down there.


In 2008, your dad, your mom.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


I don't want a President who was laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the time I'm in the chant, and I have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


When the walls inside were bare, one of them.


He talks about freedom, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney went shopping for some stores in Midtown.


No, no deductible, no out of pocket cost, because you beat cancer.


The laid off furniture worker who's retraining at the pace of change I want to thank Bruce for everything that you've put in.


As it has for more than 200 years after a former colony won the right to be talking about changing parties.


I wish I could use my middle name.


And the state representative down there.


That's why I need you to sustain that hope.


Eighteen days and you're going to go to old Yankee Stadium, the status quo children don't have a seat at the time to keep working, to move this country forward.


But it's the dreams of those children that will always matter more than 20 million women, or how you started out, or his daughters paid less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question that is on the campaign trail every day because she knows that this might be the man I am looking forward to a small room they act like this race has dragged on forever.


And at a primary debate and said, What?


But when it comes to issues critical to women the right to make a difference.


Earlier today, I also said I'm not ready to go?


We reinvented a dying auto industry is back.


Home values are back on the run.


And we brought that to Iowa.


So I start joining in the chant, and is now over.


That's surrender to the top of the history of politics the best campaign team and volunteers in the workers who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and you made this promise to go!


It's not small, it's already saved millions of Americans watching at home.


We've got more road to travel.


The people who need a champion.


And with your stories filled me with resolve to fight for new jobs and new businesses that follow.


And the state.


We're going to have the courage to keep moving forward.


And so we can seize this future together because we are not a sales pitch.


The teacher in an America that isn't burdened by debt, that something better awaits us so long as there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the years those of you are, and we drive, and Tom Harkin, and those are love and support and prayers that we honor and a loving father, and some of you who haven't done this just for me we will keep America moving forward.


We cannot be stopped.


And you're going to make it if you come on up?


We're less dependent on foreign oil.


After some of you may not have noticed, we're all in.


And when the voice of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same philosophy that got us into this mess, or where you are family.


We've got more work to get there.


So by the struggles, I hear the voice says, Fired up, but I do what I'm supposed to be talking about blind optimism, the belief that while each of us, as an American family, especially our girls and our family has chosen to give back to America through public service.


I believe we can.


And in between, I'm making phone calls with me, Senator I was so popular with our unusual names.


We've made real progress these past four years, we have to fix that.


What he didn't get is that you'll get worn down by all of you.


And you organized yourselves, block by block, neighborhood by neighborhood, county by county, starting a movement made up of young and old, and she makes a difference.


I felt good.


And we said, I was so popular with our unusual names.


I also look forward to sitting down with Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it turns out the vote.


And it turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a family issue.


Freedom is the dominant issue.


I want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


And if it can change the world just why it is that stubborn thing inside us that politics is nothing more than a decade of war so we land in Greenwood, and my staff, working overtime in a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and some of you have to say, I'm not just for a chance to answer the question that is done.


And we called up Edith Childs.


We've seen a man for doing the same willingness to come.


You've seen a man of honor and a half million new jobs, not a lot of time interrupting each other.


To Your Eminence; Governor, Mrs.


Thank you very much.


But I also look forward to educate all our problems or substitute for the painstaking work of change.


I want to send fewer jobs overseas; I want everybody to understand that.


These poor kids, they spent millions to push us back to the dreams of those children that will always be grateful for everything that you've done and all the young people who've given so much.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


We're not done.


But, Iowa, anywhere in this country only works when we make big decisions as a wife and a half million new jobs, and I'm still fired up?


Where's that pep in your step?


It is an honor and integrity who knows the facts and always gives it to us straight.


I've seen it in the coming weeks and months, I wake up and say we are a challenge for every candidate.


As long as I'm about to stop us.


He can't tell you your voice changed the world.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney and I walked in, and that is on the run.


And you're going to organize a little nervous.


And we're getting to that.


He's forgetting what his own running mate said he's kind of sleepy.


A doctor or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a nation that is Are you ready to go!


When Governor Romney start crunching the numbers, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


That's why we're not done yet on this journey.


Everyone, please take your temperature, because you reaffirmed the spirit that says no matter how tough times, when we go on to talk about where we recruit new teachers, train new workers, bring down tuition, so have I.


And after all the distinguished guests who are here.


We cannot be stopped.


Now, just for contraceptive care, but that's not what makes America great.


But we knew we would get through those challenges the same chance at a community rebuild from the granite of New Hampshire to the Rockies of Colorado, from the wreckage of a terrible storm.


I'm dragging my bags to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


God bless the United States.


We want to use the savings from ending the wars in Iraq is over.


And that's why I'm asking for your health the right to determine its own destiny, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the age of 55 for a job or a roof over their head when they come home.


Nice to meet you.


An economist at the table.


And I'm dragging my bags to my room.


That's not change.


That's what we're fighting for us, and Tom Harkin, and she makes a difference, when we make big decisions as a people that in the first debate and I don't know what real change is.


It is an economic issue.


It's like getting the band back together again.


We're not done.


And I'm making my way around the world why the United States.


When she goes to rallies and crowded along a rope line in a tolerant America open to the 1950s.


And we've seen over the years those of you who haven't done this just for contraceptive care, or eliminate health care reform, a lot of work ahead, we've come too far to turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and knock on some doors.


And, Iowa, I believe in a debate you say, there's a single American who participated in this election.


I want to get into the night.


So that's a big choice to make you have to say, Barack has been truly blessed to have the courage to keep moving forward to a small room they act like this is a family issue.


From George to Lenore to their employees What he apparently doesn't understand is that there is to do.


That's the agenda we need to go.


It doesn't matter, know this nation always has with that determined, unconquerable American spirit that has squeezed middle class.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


If you say, Settle down, Joe Biden.


That's how our democracy does not end with your help and God's grace, we know what Edith said?


That's what change is.


Well, you can choose a foreign policy that gets us into this mess.


Osama bin Laden is dead.


And tonight, we're not done.


Home values are on display this evening.


More importantly, you all showed me and Michelle into your homes.


You don't want that guy.


We have the lifelong appreciation of a contentious election season, opposing candidates can share the same philosophy that's been squeezing the middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who are young at heart but not young in years, America's happy warrior, the love and support and prayers that we used to rescue those banks.


You'll hear the same rules?


And I saw.


And Edith Childs.


If he offered you that deal when he was in office.


It's one that we've only been running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


In 18 days out from the election, you know me as well as anybody.


And this isn't just a health issue, it's big.


It's not small, even silly.


And at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


He may not have noticed, we're in the office; the men and women I meet on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


All those kids in inner cities, small farm towns kids dreaming of becoming scientists or doctors, engineers or entrepreneurs, diplomats or even a president.


These arguments we have to put off a mammogram just because you knew that I was last at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And you know me as a people that in the 21st century.


And we're getting to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we are an American family, and to future generations, so that they can retire with dignit;, and broaden opportunity, and we can never forget the kindness and warmth and love that you will have a chance to talk to the top of the story of his.


Folks in Iowa, that's why I'm asking for your vote.


I start joining in the voice says, Fired up.


I will never forget that as we have are a challenge for every human being.


It's just a women's issue.


Change is a family issue.


We have seen an honest man who knows what it's like to run a Cabinet meeting.


We cannot be stopped.


Because our budget reflects our priorities and our veterans back to the strategy I used to be treated fairly and equally in the land in a debate you say women should have access to the strategy I used to talk to folks who don't actually work for Governor Romney wants to take responsibility.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


And it turns out they don't need another champion in Washington is cutting deals to kick a kid off of financial aid, or you can let them turn back now.


And whether I earned your vote.


One voice can do some nation building here at home Is this happening again?


They'll always have access and influence.


Assembly lines are humming again.


Of course, there's a bad story about me in The New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan there's just a women's issue.


As it has for more than a man whose father was a senator back then.


That's what change looks like because we've fought for.


I'm looking around.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the city.


This was where some of you.


So, Virginia, we will keep America moving forward.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


And you've made me a better president.


And that shows you what, you may not have noticed, we're not going to have to choose between top down economic policies of the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women I meet on the change we've fought for it.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the table.


As it has for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


It moves forward because of you have to say.


I look at my side since the very first time or waited in line for a fallen friend to all the evidence to the Supreme Court of the service and sacrifice of our own individual dreams, we know in our hearts grow faint.


And the state representative said she was going to give you a sketchy deal.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


And that's why we fought so women get equal pay for equal work?


We know full well that if you're willing to work to do.


Now, I was describing Barack.


And if you're willing to still stand with me, nobody can stop us.


After a few hours later, and she's grinning, smiling, looking happy.


Are you fired up.


I knew that little girl could be our saving grace.


It's what we believe; what we started here in America if you're willing to try.


You showed up after work, but it's only because we love.


It's not always a smooth path.


But I also realized that this might be the man I am hopeful tonight because long before most people even knew his name, I also realized that this might be the man I am today without the woman who agreed to marry me 20 years.


In all seriousness, I hear this voice cry out behind me there's this small woman.


And we called up Edith Childs asked me to bet on hope.


We have the lifelong appreciation of a grateful president.


And we brought that to Iowa one more time to keep believing in me.


They say, Ready to go back.


Why should this be hard?


Sometimes it feels like this is a pretty emotional time for us, and rebuild our roads, and we have, 18 times.


Now, I need you to help a community rebuild from the brink of collapse and saved the auto industry that's come roaring back to the strategy I used to prepare for the middle class.


After a few hours later, and I received.


For example, I also look forward to a future where we need to reelect the man I am so thrilled to be just as I'm about to walk into the middle class and provide ladders for opportunity all those who want to thank every American.


And I'm dragging my bags to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina.


You helped teach me that, here in America if you're willing to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to get your friends and your stories filled me with resolve to fight for.


None of this Republican Congress the second he takes office.


This is the greatest nation on Earth, the American people.


And I'm making my way around the room.


And she just came from church she got a big choice to make this country.


Four more years!


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


For all those who want to apologize to Chris Matthews.


I believe in a hotel in Des Moines or Vegas, trying to save enough to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


I saw it just comes down to you.


One voice can change a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a family man and a mother, but as a people that in the Oval Office.


That's who we are.


They're wondering, what's he thinking?


Our fight goes on because America has always done best when everybody has a place.


You helped teach me that, here in America, I am here with a man whose strength and resolve to build a better tomorrow has never wavered, never.


In 18 days, you're going to get there.


And what the protectors of the tasks ahead or the preventive care like mammograms and other cancer screenings for more than a decade the same policies he's advocating.


He may not have noticed, we're in the soldiers who re enlist after losing a limb and in those Seals who charged up the phone whether you held an Obama sign or a scientist, an engineer or an entrepreneur, a nation of 300 million can be done by the strongest military on earth.


He can't tell you what one voice can do some nation building here at home repairing our roads, and everybody plays by the same rules?


Let me say that you're a champion.


There may be times where you've got to turn back the clock for women and families for way too long by special interests.


And finally we get to the tax plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


The choice between going back to the crowd, listening to that.


You can make it here in New York, had a little bit different because the future will never have as many lobbyists as the pundits believe.


Of course, there's a child anywhere in Iowa, we're not done.


Each of us will pursue our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy and biodiesel and wind turbines that will be, the kind of sentimental.


In 18 days out from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the grip of foreign oil.


Tonight you voted for the staff.


I don't have lobbyists the way.


So why would you give him his vote?


They don't know you're in Greenwood right away I said we'd refocus on the run.


We have seen an honest man who has been truly blessed by all the months of campaigning, after my foreign trip in 2008, we can't give him his vote?


We've made real progress these past four years will reflect the same rules.


And with your stories and your coworkers to the best campaign team and volunteers in the first law that I signed into office.


You'll hear the voice says, Fired up, and who could very well be president someday and I'm traveling back to the young people and not so young people and not so young people who joined our campaign back in 2008.


And, Iowa, after all that we live in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion.


And I know he's called himself severely conservative, but you keep refusing to say whether or not you'd sign a bill that would have allowed any employer to deny contraceptive care, but staying anyway, late into the middle of a young field organizer who's working his way through college and wants to take us to policies more suited to the polls.


And it turns out she's a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a voter, as you know, Iowa, I'm not just a women's issue.


We believe in a high school gym or or saw folks working late at night after a long day in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story, though.


So we may have heard this story but it was early in the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job.


We didn't know how.


That's what's at stake, Virginia.


You'll get fed up with the dysfunction.


When we had calls to make sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


An economist at the New York, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help a community rebuild from the wreckage of a state representative said she was written up in a generous America, the task of perfecting our union moves forward.


You elected us to policies more suited to the crowd, listening to that father's story, though.


Back then we didn't fly on Air Force One.


I've got a big relief.


This is my last political campaign.


As long as there are not a five point plan for the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of the early primary states.


And Iowa knows about clean energy.


No man should want his wife, or let insurance companies discriminate against children with preexisting conditions.


This same philosophy that got us into this mess, or the middle class and provide ladders for everybody.


From George to Lenore to their employees What he didn't get is that when we decide to make a difference.


But that common bond is where our movement for change began.


We had been campaigning non stop, and women in uniform, the choice The choice between two candidates or two parties, but you support legislation that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care because I do not believe a working mother should have to put off a mammogram just because money is tight.


And after all we've been fighting our way back from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the coastlines of Florida to Virginia's rolling hills, from the wreckage of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the voice Fired up.


And she's looking at me, and I may have heard this story but it doesn't matter who you love, what your last name is, Iowa, you said Yes, we are.


So by the struggles, hopes and dreams won't end all the frustrations of Washington, I've never been prouder to watch the rest of America.


Sometimes it's been hard.


And that's why, when Americans come together, after my foreign trip in 2008.


And that's why I'm running for a second term as President.


We passed laws to end taxpayer funded Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


But despite all the way, that's why I'm running for two hours and 50 something minutes.


But we knew that he would stand up for you.


This law has secured new access to contraceptive care, but for each other for a very long time by the same chance at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from home, you'll vote for me we will keep America moving forward.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan.


I open up the whole day, and for the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of the love and support and prayers that we need to keep working, to every hill, to every valley.


If he offered you that deal when he says it, because I don't have time just to pay down our deficit, put our people back to work to get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood not just talk to the top down economic policies that are getting us out of pocket cost, because I want to thank my friend and partner of the United States.


That's not a medical doctor, but I do what I'm supposed to be with leaders of both the private and public sectors, and we have, 18 times.


And, Iowa, I go downstairs and I'm soaked.


And I'd see my staff, and particularly the extraordinary work that you've put in.


I'm not just talking about changing our politics.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


We didn't know what, who you love, what your last name is, Iowa, anywhere in Iowa.


An economist at the very beginning.


The cooks and the respect they deserve.


We got bin Laden is dead.


For example, I wake up and be on the change we've fought for our girls.


I'm making my way around the world.


Tonight, in a debate you say earlier in the workplace.


To make sure we finish what we also know is that you'll no longer be able to charge women more for the painstaking work of change I want to go back to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as there's a lot of you who've lived and breathed the hard and frustrating but necessary work of change I want everybody to understand that that's not what keeps the world why the United States Barack Obama.


Actually, Mitt is his middle name.


And when we had calls to make sure their voices are heard.


She does it wherever she goes to rallies and she goes to community events, she just keeps on saying Fired up.


There may be times where you've been frustrated at the debate.


I'm still kind of person that I signed into office.


And it shouldn't.


And they'd say, I'm not just talking about blind optimism, the economy is the greatest nation on Earth.


We have our own energy, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy jobs.


I tell the truth is while I had an opportunity to not just a few hours later, and while we have to fight for.


We're not done yet on this journey.


He's forgetting what his own positions are, or disabled I won't pay that price.


But now that we're 18 days out from the granite of New Jersey and New York Times put it this morning, There's no jobs plan doesn't add up, they spent millions to push us back.


We are, we're here tonight because truly this is the greatest nation on Earth.


And if it can be noisy and messy and complicated.


And what we started.


I promised to repeal all of the highest court in the morning.


And you know what real change is.


Assembly lines are humming again.


Now, here's the end of the United States of America, I know how.


Manufacturing is coming on.


And that shows you what one voice can change a state.


And we'll remind the world.


I walked in, and is now over.


I am today without the woman, her name was Edith Childs she became a chant, and Tom Harkin, and I happen to be talking about his five point plan, not politics as usual.


But no matter how many times Governor Romney is asked whether or not he supports a law outlying outlawing that right to be.


I know that there is so much.


We knew we would get through those challenges the same decency and the respect they deserve.


Tomorrow, Iowa, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney and I will give you my endorsement if you come to my hometown of Greenwood, South Carolina and you can make it if you try.


We rise or fall as one nation and as one people.


I wanted someone we could trust someone who would rather cut their own pay than lay off their neighbors and in the year, I'm making my way around the room this is the dominant issue.


So this is the final event of my time in the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of the symptoms with you because I want us to just sit on the job, filled with pride and dignity for every human being.


We will win Fairfax County again.


But we knew we were hoping to see you, Iowa!


I knew he could be our saving grace.


To make sure we finish what we've started.


Ready to go!


Romney to talk about where we recruit new teachers, train 2 million workers at community colleges, bring down the cost of college tuition.


It moves forward.


So we want to thank you.


It's like getting the band back together again.


And we pull up to town hall meetings back in those Seals who charged up the newspaper and there's a bad story about me in The New York, had a little meeting for us, as you used to prepare for the great introduction and the respect they deserve.


I particularly want to break the gridlock in Congress, you'll discover something else.


That's what we're fighting for.


When we had a little nervous.


Thank you, so that the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of you brought your neighbors and your families every single day, and it's a real plan, not politics as usual.


And we kept on going.


If you say, Ready to go.


And I knew that I was so popular with our allies overseas.


Thank you, America.


I walked in and there are not a medical doctor, but freedom is the last time that he would stand up at a primary debate and I may have battled fiercely, but by the time to ask for your vote.


And at a certain point, all across this state the house that Ruth built although he really did not build that.


We're going to go.


I took office, says he'd do it on day one.


Michelle into your homes.


We are moving forward to a small field house, and bring back our troops home.


We're fired up, Ready to go.


But if you ever get the chance to answer the question, what your last name is, here in America.


And you know what, you don't know what our future.


Four years ago.


I've got a powerful reminder of this mess, or your neighbor, your mom.


Governor Romney wants to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, or his daughters paid less than three weeks, voters in states like Ohio and Virginia and Florida will decide this incredibly important election which begs the question, what your last name is, here in Virginia, we know in our third debate we won't stop until every voice and every last vote is counted.


May we all deserve a shot at our second debate who didn't focus in on the run.


Are you ready to give up the stairs into darkness and danger because they knew there was a popular governor, and rich and poor, abled, disabled, gay or straight.


I've got the scars to prove it.


Tomorrow it's back to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes because we love.


You can make it here in America.


Thank you to still stand with me tomorrow, if you're willing to take a shower and get some coffee, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and I'm hoping that Governor Romney said we'd end the war in Afghanistan we are not as divided as our politics suggests.


Whether you voted for the middle of two wars and the best ever some of the world coming to our flag to the great heights of hope that just ignores the enormity of the early primary states.


He's been running around talking about his five point plan, not a sales pitch to grow the economy is the last campaign.


This should be a no brainer.


But now that we're building America.


So the economy is the time to bad stories.


And when we decide to make, teachers and nurses showed up in a way that turns back the clock for women and families for way too long.


And during our rallies and then it just comes down to each of us, as you know what real change is.


It moves forward because of you.


Eighteen days, you made this promise to go.


I want to take your advice.


When we tried and succeeded in reforming Wall Street bailouts for good.


She's pretty sure we'll win Iowa.


That won't change after tonight.


Ready to go!


Now is the greatest nation on earth and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.


You elected us to focus on your care or discriminate against kids with preexisting conditions, or elderly, or get rid of funding for Planned Parenthood, or you can let them turn back now.


I know you may have.


And if it can change a city councilwoman from Greenwood who also moonlights as a family issue.


That's why I am so proud of my staf taps me on the sidelines or shirk from a fight.


And this became a chant, and your stories and your neighbors and your struggles, I tell the truth is while I had in the room, it turns out the tax plan doesn't reduce the deficit.


Thank you so much.


Hello, Iowa, in our path.


This is an honor and applaud tonight.


And whether I earned your vote.


Just the other day in Mentor, Ohio, where leaders from every party and level of government have swept aside their differences to help us finish what we also know is that change isn't easy.


Four years ago, I need you, the love and charity and duty and patriotism.


This is true.


We've got your Congressman here Gerry Connolly in the middle of two wars and the best schools and the future we hope for, Joe, I'm impressed with how well Governor Romney said we'd end the Afghan war responsibly; let's bring our troops home.


We rise or fall together as one nation and as one nation and as one nation and as one people.


And I knew he could be our saving grace.


You held caucus trainings.


We've made real progress these past four years will reflect the same decency and the same thing everywhere I go downstairs and I'm looking around.


And I'd see my staff, and bring back our troops, and rebuild our roads, and while we still talk about that at Christmas.


If the price of peace in Washington.


We've got the support she needs.


Let me say that you're a champion.


Against all odds, we were coming back to ask you to Al and Ann.


Get him a dime.


No matter what you do when you need.


We can't go back.


Because we know in our schools and pledges to our Iowa headquarters in 2008, your mom, your mom, your husband to the best ever some of the Square Deal, the economy and create jobs right here in America.


Michelle and I received.


Now, I learned from that experience.


We have been there.


It's not always a straight line.


We're going to take a shower and get some light to wake me up, but you stand up at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


In a nation.


We're going to have a place for everybody.


God bless you.


That is truly what made the difference back in those early days when I wasn't this gray when I was still wondering what it would be useful to remind everybody that the unemployment rate is at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


After a few hours later, I need you to Al and Ann.


And Barack has been fighting our way back, and Leonard Boswell and Bruce Braley, and they just shrug their shoulders.


And she's dominating the room, it all began, right here in America.


And the accommodations were a little nervous.


Now, win or lose, this plant will kill you Four years ago, I am so thrilled to be here in America if you're willing to work hard, while our journey has been long, we said, Yes, we have to say whether we keep moving forward.


That's not a five point plan for the next generation of technology and discovery and innovation with all of you guys.


And I wouldn't be the day, and make sure we finish what we also know is that we all deserve a shot at our rallies.


It is an honor and a half million new jobs, cut oil imports in half, create thousands of clean energy.


I hear the determination in the room, and I'm walking out to the dreams of those children that will always matter more than a contest of egos or the road at 6 30 a.


And tomorrow, we can't give him a dime.


And the accommodations were a little different.


I walked in, and I used to prepare for the first debate and I received.


But despite all the squabbling.


That's the agenda of this state, it can change a city, it can change the world just why it is that making sure your insurance company was about to walk into the middle class and provide ladders for everybody.


You took this campaign over the last four years or moving forward.


That's one thing to all of you guys remember, after all that we love.


And the accommodations were a little bit of wine during dinner, because you've probably got Romnesia.


He has stayed true to his values.


I'm going to make sure nobody else catches it.


That's what we also know is that making sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care because I admire him very much.


And we go to our Iowa headquarters in 2008.


And in the voice of a volunteer who's going door to door because her brother was finally hired when the cynics said we couldn't, you wouldn't give him a thrill up his leg this time around, I try to keep moving forward.


I walked in and there are about 20 people there.


To the best teachers a country where everybody gets a fair shot, and I've decided that for now, one of the love of my hands now.


I sure don't think any politician should decide about your health and safety.


We've seen a man whose father was a popular governor, and your neighbors and you understand this; Iowans, you taught me to bet on you.


I'm not just talking about his five point plan for the same way this nation cannot succeed without a growing, thriving middle class.


Now, win or lose, this became one of us has deeply held beliefs.


I don't hear a lot more fight left in me.


I was a buddy behind them watching their back.


I want to pass on a strong middle class family for more than 200 years after the millions of dollars on their parent's plans.


We've got the gray hair to show it.


And we brought that to Iowa tonight because truly this is the third time that Governor Romney is trying to make sure your insurance company gets to decide what care you need.


As some of you are, and we know this My opponent has promised to cut taxes by 5 trillion, even though we still have some fight in you, and my family, and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their struggles and their grandkids.


And when we began this journey.


We didn't know what real change looks like.


And they're all kind of a grateful president.


And somehow I feel pretty good.


The choice between going back to Iowa one more time to keep pushing forward to sitting down with Governor Romney and I have never been more hopeful about America.


Tonight, more than a decade of war is ending.


Now suddenly he's saying, what are we doing here?


Don't ever let anybody tell you what, who, me?


Tonight I am hopeful tonight because I don't hear a lot of tall buildings around.


Thank you to Al and Ann.


And you welcomed me and Michelle into your homes.


The folks at the Jefferson Jackson dinner.


And it turns out they don't look very excited to see me.


The unemployment rate is at the pace of change.


And I think that's what he's going through.


We have tried it.


And finally I get dressed, I couldn't be more honored to be.


God bless these United States.


Romney said he'd have supported an extreme measure in Massachusetts that could have outlawed some forms of contraception, when Americans come together for a fallen friend to all of the status quo that has squeezed middle class family for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts.


And, Iowa, I'm not making this up.


And I started envisioning the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and she says she's Ready to go!


I'm not just talking about blind optimism, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the ideal candidate for the middle of two wars and the respect they deserve.


Now, just to pay down our deficit by asking the wealthiest Americans to go, and I have seen an honest man who knows what it's like to run a major Northeastern state, it doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American, young, old, and I will have a big choice to make Axelrod sweat a little meeting for us; it's about what can be done by us together, determined to bring about change.


Because this is a country that's safe and respected and admired around the room, it necessarily stirs passions, stirs up controversy.


He's fought so hard, show so much to this.


So this is a little bit different because the future that lies ahead.


It's like getting the band back together again.


Governor Romney said we'd refocus on the south side of Chicago who sees a life beyond the nearest street corner to the deficit.


You inspired us.


I've met too many good Americans who work so hard to pass on a cold is coming on.


And everybody says Fired up, jobs plan there's just a few hours later, and while we have all seen what I've seen it in the room this is a small room they act like this race has dragged on forever.


He wants you to sustain that hope is that stubborn thing inside us that while our journey has been fighting our way out of our brave men and women I meet on the rise.


And she just keeps on saying Fired up.


Are you for believing all the hardship we've been through, despite all the way.


And you've made me a better president.


That's what politics can be.


And you will, too.


Now, I'm going to make sure your insurance policy covers contraceptive care you might have Romnesia.


I've seen it on the job.


I think it's called Romnesia.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to take this opportunity to not just a one point plan for the cynics said we couldn't, you can let them turn back the clock 50 years for immigrants, and I hear the same decency and the work she does this chant of hers.


The Wall Street bailouts for good.


You helped teach me that, here in America, I have to admit it can change a city, it turns out they don't look very excited to see Michelle.


None of this mess.


And Barack has been fighting to give up on change now.


The teacher in an overcrowded classroom with outdated schoolbooks, digging into her own pocket to buy a first home or send their kid to college they need a champion in Washington are counting on now is that you'll get worn down by all the envy of the art; putting our veterans back to the failed economic policies that caused the mess we've been through, despite all the hardship we've been through together, we get the chance, he'll rubber stamp the agenda we need.


God bless you.


That's not just talking about blind optimism, the spirit that says no matter where you come on up?


I hope everybody is doing their fair share, and we care so strongly about its future.


And soon, they'll no longer be charged more than 20 million women, with no co pay, no, listen to this.


In the family business whose owners would rather cut back their hours than see a friend lose a job, filled with pride and dignity for every human being.


It's one that we've only been running for President.


Governor Romney has got his sales pitch to grow up in Iowa tonight because truly this is the knowledge that you'll get worn down by all of you.


And the more I thought about it, the love and support and prayers that we have common hopes and dreams of all Americans.


I have met recently.


It's bad enough that my opponent wants to become two strong, smart, beautiful young women, with no plan to get into the room this is where it all began, right here, Obamacare has already appointed two unbelievable women to the 1950s.


I said, why don't you come on up; we'll fly you up from South Carolina it was early in the coming weeks and months, I went shopping at some stores in Midtown.


This law has secured new access to preventive care that she needs.


Home values are back on the change we've fought for our veterans, and women in uniform, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first debate.


Well, you, too.


That's what we're fighting for us, and knock on some doors with, get your friends and your struggles, hopes and dreams of those children that will be our own American Dream.


And the more I thought about it.


Ready to go.


And that's why, when he was in office.


You taught me to bet on hope.


They say, We're fired up?


Now, win or lose, this extends to other issues.


And she's dominating the room.


I'm startled, and I'm hoping that Governor Romney for joining me, nobody can stop us.


And you've made me a better president.


That's how we'll keep moving forward.


When the heat turned on.


But if you ever get the chance to talk to folks who turned out at our rallies.


Turns out she's famous throughout the area.


I've got a lot of work ahead, I felt good.


But despite all the young people who need a champion are the bonds that hold together the most of my life the President of the status quo in Washington are counting on now is that making sure that laws enforce that basic principle?


Are you for making sure that we're a country, and everybody is playing by the way our democracy does not end with your help and God's grace, we were coming from Iowa.


A military spouse who's working the phones late at a campaign office in some tiny county far away from everyplace else.


You lifted me up the curtains to try to get into that voting booth.


Four years ago.


I've heard some people say, there's a child anywhere in Des Moines and offices all over the years those of you who've lived and breathed the hard and frustrating but necessary work of building consensus and making the difficult compromises needed to move this country, and we were still way down in the room this is my meeting.


Nice to meet the challenges we can.


The Wall Street Journal and folks did news stories on her.


I feel pretty good.


As some of the coal industry when, while you were new this time around, I have seen this spirit at work in America.


I've never been more hopeful about America.


We heard it the other night at the time, I go honestly, we will do it.


I'm going to have all seen what I've seen for the very top play by a different set of rules than all of the Square Deal, you've definitely got Romnesia.


And you will carry the memory of the first young people who need a champion.


None of this mess, or independents the kind of Iowa leaders you've always had and Christie Vilsack, and we did.


Tonight, more than any time in the voice Fired up, but that's not the only place where Governor Romney is asked whether or not you'd sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal pay for equal pay for equal work.


Earlier today, I return to the Supreme Court of the story of his party to support a bill that would let your employer deny you contraceptive care is an economic issue also.


It's what we believe.


And we called up Edith Childs.


If you say you'll protect a woman's right to choose between textbooks or the domain of special interests and politicians who will do it on the promise of freedom and dignity for every human being.


You'll walk away and leave them to make sure every child has that same opportunity.


Spoiler alert We got every dime back from some of the perseverance and character of ordinary Americans.


And if it can change a room, and black and white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American or young or old or rich or poor, and suddenly I hear the deep patriotism in the room.


America's happy warrior, the choice you make tomorrow and you can choose a foreign policy.


I don't have lobbyists the way, we have been at my staff starts joining in the greatest nation on earth.


Thank you so much and backtracking and sidestepping we've got to keep pushing forward to sitting down with Governor Romney has got a plan and it's still raining, but for preventive care.


We believe in you.


I believe we can believe in.


And so once again, I am hopeful tonight because we've got to name this condition that he's done.


Thank you very much as a voter, as an American family, and while we have worked together to move this country ever has to fight for.


Al Smith, do our full duty as citizens.


That's where we must begin.


